


   0001193125-11-200680.txt : 20110728
0001193125-11-200680.hdr.sgml : 20110728
20110728145909
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-11-200680
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20110630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20110728
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20110728

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MICROSOFT CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000789019
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				911144442
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			WA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-14278
		FILM NUMBER:		11993262

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE MICROSOFT WAY
		CITY:			REDMOND
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98052-6399
		BUSINESS PHONE:		425-882-8080

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE MICROSOFT WAY
		CITY:			REDMOND
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98052-6399


10-K
1
d10k.htm
FORM 10-K


Form 10-K


Table of Contents

 UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  Washington, D.C. 20549   
FORM 10-K 
   


x

 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
For the Fiscal Year Ended June 30, 2011  OR   


¨

 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
For the Transition Period From                 
to                   Commission File Number
0-14278   
MICROSOFT CORPORATION 
   






WASHINGTON
 
91-1144442

(STATE OF INCORPORATION)
 
(I.R.S. ID)
 ONE MICROSOFT WAY, REDMOND, WASHINGTON 98052-6399 
(425) 882-8080 
www.microsoft.com/investor 
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:  COMMON STOCK, $0.00000625 par value per share
                                         NASDAQ
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
NONE  Indicate by check mark
if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.    Yes x    No ¨ 
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange
Act.    Yes ¨    No x  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes x    No ¨  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its
corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was
required to submit and post such
files).    Yes x    No ¨  Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (§229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of
registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. x  Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting
company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.   










 Large accelerated filer
 

x
  
 Accelerated filer
 

¨

 Non-accelerated filer
 

¨  (Do not check if a
smaller reporting company)
  
 Smaller reporting company
 

¨
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act).    Yes ¨    No x  As of December 31, 2010, the aggregate market value of the registrant’s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was $208,370,414,170 based on the closing sale price as reported on the NASDAQ
National Market System. As of July 20, 2011, there were 8,378,265,782 shares of common stock outstanding.  DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED
BY REFERENCE  Portions of the definitive Proxy Statement to be delivered to shareholders in connection with the Annual Meeting of
Shareholders to be held on November 15, 2011 are incorporated by reference into Part III.   
 


Table of Contents

 
MICROSOFT CORPORATION 
FORM 10-K  For The Fiscal
Year Ended June 30, 2011  INDEX 
 












 
 
 
 
 
  
Page
 






 PART I
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 






 
 
 Item 1.
 
 Business
  
 
3
  






 
 
 
 
 Executive Officers of the Registrant
  
 
12
  






 
 
 Item 1A.
 
 Risk Factors
  
 
14
  






 
 
 Item 1B.
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments
  
 
20
  






 
 
 Item 2.
 
 Properties
  
 
20
  






 
 
 Item 3.
 
 Legal Proceedings
  
 
21
  






 PART II
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 






 
 
 Item 5.
 
Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
  
 
21
  






 
 
 Item 6.
 
 Selected Financial Data
  
 
22
  






 
 
 Item 7.
 
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
  
 
22
  






 
 
 Item 7A.
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk
  
 
44
  






 
 
 Item 8.
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
  
 
46
  






 
 
 Item 9.
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
  
 
86
  






 
 
 Item 9A.
 
 Controls and Procedures
  
 
86
  






 
 
 
 
 Report of Management on Internal Control over Financial Reporting
  
 
86
  






 
 
 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
  
 
87
  






 
 
 Item 9B.
 
 Other Information
  
 
88
  






 PART III
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 






 
 
 Item 10.
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
  
 
88
  






 
 
 Item 11.
 
 Executive Compensation
  
 
88
  






 
 
 Item 12.
 
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters
  
 
88
  






 
 
 Item 13.
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence
  
 
88
  






 
 
 Item 14.
 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services
  
 
88
  






 PART IV
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 






 
 
 Item 15.
 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules
  
 
89
  






 
 
 
 
 Signatures
  
 
92
  

  2 


Table of Contents

 

PART I  Item 1 
 
 
Note About Forward-Looking Statements 
Certain statements in this report, other than purely historical information, including estimates, projections, statements relating to our business
plans, objectives and expected operating results, and the assumptions upon which those statements are based, are “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of
the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Forward-looking statements may appear throughout this report, including without limitation, the following sections: “Business,” “Management’s
Discussion and Analysis,” and “Risk Factors.” These forward-looking statements generally are identified by the words “believe,” “project,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “estimate,”
“intend,” “strategy,” “future,” “opportunity,” “plan,” “may,” “should,” “will,” “would,” “will be,” “will continue,” “will likely
result,” and similar expressions. Forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties which may cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements.
A detailed discussion of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from such forward-looking statements is included in the section titled “Risk Factors” (Part I, Item 1A of this Form
10-K). We undertake no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise.  PART I  ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
GENERAL  Microsoft was
founded in 1975. Our mission is to enable people and businesses throughout the world to realize their full potential. We work to achieve this mission by creating technology that transforms the way people work, play, and communicate. We develop and
market software, services, and hardware that deliver new opportunities, greater convenience, and enhanced value to people’s lives. We do business worldwide and have offices in more than 100 countries. 
We generate revenue by developing, licensing, and supporting a wide range of software products and services, by designing and selling hardware, and
by delivering relevant online advertising to a global customer audience. In addition to selling individual products and services, we offer suites of products and services.  Our products include operating systems for personal computers (“PCs”), servers, phones, and other intelligent devices; server applications for distributed computing environments; productivity
applications; business solution applications; desktop and server management tools; software development tools; video games; and online advertising. We also design and sell hardware including the Xbox 360 gaming and entertainment console, Kinect for
Xbox 360, Xbox 360 accessories, and Microsoft PC hardware products.  We provide consulting and product and solution support services,
and we train and certify computer system integrators and developers. We also offer cloud-based solutions that provide customers with software, services and content over the Internet by way of shared computing resources located in centralized data
centers. Cloud revenue is earned primarily from usage fees and advertising.  Examples of cloud-based computing services we offer
include:   


 
•
 
 Bing, our Internet search engine that finds and organizes the answers people need so they can make faster, more informed decisions;
  


 
•
 
 Windows Live Essentials suite, which allows users to upload, organize and store photos, make movies, communicate via video, email, and messaging, and enhance
online safety;   


 
•
 
 Xbox LIVE service, which enables online gaming, social networking, and access to a wide range of video, gaming, and entertainment content;
  


 
•
 
 Microsoft Office 365, an online suite that enables people to work from virtually anywhere, anytime, and on any device with simple, familiar collaboration and
communication solutions, including Microsoft Office, Exchange, SharePoint, and Lync; 
  3 


Table of Contents

 

PART I  Item 1 
 
 


 
•
 
 Microsoft Dynamics CRM Online customer relationship management services for sales, service and marketing professionals provided through a familiar Microsoft
Outlook interface; and   


 
•
 
 the Azure family of platform and database services that helps developers connect applications and services in the cloud or on premise. These services include
Windows Azure, a scalable operating system with computing, storage, hosting and management capabilities, and Microsoft SQL Azure, a relational database.  We also conduct research and develop advanced technologies for future software products and services. We believe that delivering innovative, high-value solutions through our integrated software and services
platforms is the key to meeting our customers’ needs and to our future growth. We believe that we will continue to grow by delivering compelling new products and services, creating new opportunities for partners, improving customer
satisfaction, and improving our service excellence, business efficacy, and internal processes.  OPERATING SEGMENTS 
We operate our business in five segments: Windows & Windows Live Division, Server and Tools, Online Services Division, Microsoft Business
Division, and Entertainment and Devices Division. Our segments provide management with a comprehensive financial view of our key businesses. The segments enable the alignment of strategies and objectives across the development, sales, marketing, and
services organizations, and they provide a framework for timely and rational allocation of development, sales, marketing, and services resources within businesses. Additional information on our operating segments and geographic and product
information is contained in Note 21 – Segment Information and Geographic Data of the Notes to Financial Statements (Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K).  Windows & Windows Live Division  Windows & Windows Live Division
(“Windows Division”) develops and markets PC operating systems, related software and online services, and PC hardware products. This collection of software, hardware, and services is designed to simplify everyday tasks through efficient
Web browsing and seamless operations across the user’s hardware and software. Windows Division revenue growth is largely correlated to the growth of the PC market worldwide, as approximately 75% of total Windows Division revenue comes from
Windows operating system software purchased by original equipment manufacturers (“OEMs”), which they pre-install on equipment they sell. In addition to PC market changes, Windows revenue is impacted by: 
 


 
•
 
 hardware market changes driven by shifts between developed markets and emerging markets, consumer PCs and business PCs, and among varying forms of computing
devices;   


 
•
 
 the attachment of Windows to PCs shipped and changes in inventory levels within the OEM channel; and 
 


 
•
 
 pricing changes and promotions, pricing variation associated with OEM channel shifts from local and regional system builders to large, multinational OEMs, and
different pricing of Windows versions licensed.  Principal Products and
Services:    Windows 7 and prior versions of the Windows operating system; Windows Live suite of applications and web services; and Microsoft PC hardware products. 
Competition  The Windows operating system
faces competition from various commercial software products offered by well-established companies, mainly Apple and Google. The Windows operating system also faces competition from alternative platforms and devices that may reduce demand for PCs.
User and usage volumes on mobile devices are increasing worldwide relative to the PC. We believe Windows competes effectively by giving customers choice, flexibility, security, a familiar and easy-to-use interface, compatibility with a broad range
of hardware and software applications, and the largest support network for any operating system. 
  4 


Table of Contents

 

PART I  Item 1 
 
 
Windows Live software and services compete with Apple, Google, Yahoo!, and a wide array of Web
sites and portals that provide communication and sharing tools and services. Our PC hardware products face competition from computer and other hardware manufacturers, many of which are also current or potential partners. 
Server and Tools  Server and Tools develops
and markets server software, software developer tools, services, and solutions that are designed to make information technology professionals and developers and their systems more productive and efficient. Server software is integrated server
infrastructure and middleware designed to support software applications built on the Windows Server operating system. This includes the server platform, database, storage, management and operations, service-oriented architecture platform, security
and identity software. Server and Tools also builds standalone and software development lifecycle tools for software architects, developers, testers, and project managers. Server offerings can be run on-site, in a partner-hosted environment, or in a
Microsoft-hosted environment.  Our cloud-based services comprise a scalable operating system with computing, storage, and management
capabilities and a relational database, which allow customers to run enterprise workloads and web applications in the cloud. These services also include a platform that helps developers connect applications and services in the cloud or on premise.
Our goal is to enable customers to devote more resources to development and use of applications that benefit their business, rather than to the management of on-premise hardware and software. 
Server and Tools offers a broad range of enterprise consulting and product support services (“Enterprise Services”) that assist customers
in developing, deploying, and managing Microsoft server and desktop solutions. Server and Tools also provides training and certification to developers and information technology professionals for our Server and Tools, Microsoft Business Division,
and Windows & Windows Live Division products and services.  Approximately 50% of Server and Tools revenue comes primarily from
multi-year volume licensing agreements, approximately 30% is purchased through transactional volume licensing programs, retail packaged product and licenses sold to OEMs, and the remainder comes from Enterprise Services. 
Principal Products and Services:    Windows Server operating systems; Windows Azure;
Microsoft SQL Server; SQL Azure; Windows Intune; Windows Embedded; Visual Studio; Silverlight; System Center products; Microsoft Consulting Services; and Premier product support services.  Competition  Our server operating system products face competition from a wide variety of
server operating systems and applications offered by companies with a range of market approaches. Vertically integrated computer manufacturers such as Hewlett-Packard, IBM, and Oracle offer their own versions of the Unix operating system
preinstalled on server hardware. Nearly all computer manufacturers offer server hardware for the Linux operating system and many contribute to Linux operating system development. The competitive position of Linux has also benefited from the large
number of compatible applications now produced by many commercial and non-commercial software developers. A number of companies, such as Red Hat, supply versions of Linux.  We compete to provide enterprise-wide computing solutions with several companies that offer solutions and middleware technology platforms. IBM and Oracle lead a group of companies focused on the Java Platform
Enterprise Edition. Commercial software developers that provide competing server applications for PC-based distributed client/server environments include CA Technologies, IBM, and Oracle. Our Web application platform software competes with open
source software such as Apache, Linux, MySQL, and PHP, and we compete against Java middleware such as Geronimo, JBoss, and Spring Framework.  Numerous commercial software vendors offer competing software applications for connectivity (both Internet and intranet), security, hosting, database, and e-business servers. System Center competes with server
management and server virtualization platform providers, such as BMC, CA Technologies, Hewlett-Packard, IBM, and VMWare in 
  5 


Table of Contents

 

PART I  Item 1 
 
 

the management of information technology infrastructures. SQL Server competes with products from IBM, Oracle, Sybase, and other companies in providing database, business intelligence and data
warehousing solutions. Our products for software developers compete against offerings from Adobe, IBM, Oracle, other companies, and open-source projects. Competing open source projects include Eclipse (sponsored by CA Technologies, IBM, Oracle, and
SAP), PHP, and Ruby on Rails, among others.  The embedded operating system business is highly fragmented with many competitive
offerings. Key competitors include IBM, Intel, and versions of embeddable Linux from commercial Linux vendors such as Metrowerks and MontaVista Software.  Our cloud-based services offerings also have many competitors. Windows Azure faces competition from Amazon, Google, Salesforce.com, and VMWare. SQL Azure faces competition from IBM, Oracle, and other open source
offerings. For Enterprise Services, we compete with a large group of diverse companies, including multinational consulting firms and small niche businesses focused on specific technologies. 
We believe our server products, cloud-based services and Enterprise Services provide customers with advantages in innovation, performance, total
costs of ownership, and productivity by delivering superior applications, development tools, and compatibility with a broad base of hardware and software applications, security, and manageability. 
Online Services Division  Online Services
Division (“OSD”) develops and markets information and content designed to help people simplify tasks and make more informed decisions online, and that help advertisers connect with audiences. OSD offerings include Bing, MSN, adCenter, and
advertiser tools. Bing and MSN generate revenue through the sale of search and display advertising. Search and display advertising generally accounts for nearly all of OSD’s annual revenue. 
We provide updated and new online offerings on a frequent basis. In December 2009, we entered into a definitive agreement with Yahoo! whereby
Microsoft will provide the exclusive algorithmic and paid search platform for Yahoo! Web sites worldwide. We completed the algorithmic transition in the U.S. and Canada in July 2010 and the paid search transition in October 2010 and have begun
transitioning algorithmic search in international markets. We believe this agreement will allow us to improve the effectiveness and increase the value of our search offering through greater scale in search queries and an expanded and more
competitive search and advertising marketplace.  Principal Products and
Services:    Bing; Microsoft adCenter; MSN; and Atlas online tools for advertisers.  Competition 
OSD competes with Google, Yahoo!, and a wide array of Web sites and portals that provide content and online offerings to end users. We compete with
these organizations to provide advertising opportunities for merchants. Competitors are continuously developing Internet offerings that seek to provide more effective ways of connecting advertisers with audiences. We believe our search engine, Bing,
helps users make faster, more informed decisions by providing relevant search results, expanded search services, social recommendations, and a broad selection of content. We have enhanced the user interface to bring a richer search experience. We
also invest in improving the scale of our advertising platform to serve both owned and operated and third-party online properties. We will continue to introduce new products and services to improve the user online experience. We believe that we can
compete effectively by attracting new users, understanding their intent, and matching their intent with relevant content, advertiser offerings, and software services.  Microsoft Business Division  Microsoft Business Division (“MBD”) offerings consist
of the Microsoft Office system (comprising mainly Office, SharePoint, Exchange and Lync) and Microsoft Dynamics business solutions. Microsoft Office system products are designed to increase personal, team, and organization productivity through
a range of programs, services, and 
  6 


Table of Contents

 

PART I  Item 1 
 
 

software solutions, which may be delivered either on premise or as a cloud-based service. Growth of revenue from the Microsoft Office system offerings, which generate over 90% of MBD revenue,
depends on our ability to add value to the core Office product set and to continue to expand our product offerings in other areas such as content management, enterprise search, collaboration, unified communications, and business intelligence.
Microsoft Dynamics products provide business solutions for financial management, customer relationship management (“CRM”), supply chain management, and analytics applications for small and mid-size businesses, large organizations, and
divisions of global enterprises.  Approximately 80% of MBD revenue is generated from sales to businesses, which includes Microsoft
Office system revenue generated through volume licensing agreements and Microsoft Dynamics revenue. Revenue from this category generally depends upon the number of information workers in a licensed enterprise and is therefore relatively independent
of the number of PCs sold in a given year. Approximately 20% of MBD revenue is derived from sales to consumers, which includes revenue from retail packaged product sales and OEM revenue. This revenue generally is affected by the level of PC
shipments and by product launches.  Principal Products and
Services:    Microsoft Office; Microsoft Exchange; Microsoft SharePoint; Microsoft Lync; Microsoft Dynamics ERP and Dynamics CRM; and Microsoft Office Web Apps, which are the online companions to Microsoft Word,
Excel, PowerPoint, and OneNote. In June 2011, MBD launched Office 365, which is an online services offering of Microsoft Office, Exchange, SharePoint, and Lync.  Competition  Competitors to the Microsoft Office system include software application vendors
such as Adobe, Apple, Corel, Google, IBM, Oracle, and numerous Web-based competitors as well as local application developers in Asia and Europe. Apple may distribute certain versions of its application software products with various models of its
PCs and through its mobile devices. Corel and IBM have measurable installed bases with their office productivity products. Google provides a hosted messaging and productivity suite that competes with Microsoft Office, Microsoft Exchange, and
Microsoft SharePoint, including its FAST enterprise search technology. The OpenOffice.org project provides a freely downloadable cross-platform application that also has been adapted by various commercial software vendors to sell under their
brands. Web-based offerings competing with individual applications can also position themselves as alternatives to Microsoft Office system products.  Our Microsoft Dynamics products compete with vendors such as Infor and Sage in the market focused on providing business solutions for small and mid-sized businesses. The market for large organizations and
divisions of global enterprises is intensely competitive with a small number of primary vendors including Oracle and SAP. Additionally, Salesforce.com’s on-demand CRM offerings compete directly with Microsoft Dynamics CRM Online and
Microsoft Dynamics CRM’s on-premise offerings.  As we continue to create additional functionality and products, we compete with
additional vendors, most notably in content management and enterprise search, collaboration tools, unified communications, and business intelligence. These competitors include Cisco, Google, IBM, Oracle, and SAP. We believe our products compete
effectively based on our strategy of providing flexible, easy to use solutions that work well with technologies our customers already have. 
Entertainment and Devices Division 
Entertainment and Devices Division (“EDD”) develops and markets products and services designed to entertain and connect people. The Xbox
360 entertainment platform, including Kinect, is designed to provide a unique variety of entertainment choices for individuals and families through the use of our devices, peripherals, content, and online services. Mediaroom is designed to provide
live, recorded, and on-demand television programming regardless of your location or device. Windows Phone is designed to bring users closer to the people, applications, and content they need, while providing unique capabilities such as Microsoft
Office and Xbox LIVE functionality. 
  7 


Table of Contents

 

PART I  Item 1 
 
 
Nokia strategic alliance  On April 21, 2011, Microsoft and Nokia entered into definitive agreements to form a strategic alliance to jointly create new mobile products and services and to extend established products and services to new
markets.  Microsoft will license to Nokia and Nokia will adopt Windows Phone as Nokia’s primary smartphone platform. Microsoft will
receive a running royalty at a competitive rate from Nokia for the Windows Phone platform, with minimum commitments reflecting the large volumes Nokia expects to ship. We will also provide Nokia with developer tools to accelerate developer support
for Windows and Windows-related platforms. Microsoft and Nokia will collaborate on joint developer outreach and application sourcing. Microsoft’s Windows Marketplace infrastructure will support a new Nokia-branded application store.
Participants in the Windows Phone ecosystem will be able to take advantage of Nokia’s billing agreements with operators in markets worldwide.  Nokia will deliver mapping, navigation, and location-based services to the Windows Phone ecosystem and will deliver a core set of mapping services for a broader set of Microsoft’s map-based offerings.
Microsoft’s Bing and adCenter will power search and advertising on Nokia’s devices and services. Nokia will innovate and customize on the Windows Phone platform, contributing its expertise on hardware, design, and language support and will
help bring Windows Phone to a broader range of price points, market segments and geographies. Microsoft will make annual payments to Nokia, in recognition of the unique nature of Nokia’s agreement with Microsoft and the contributions that Nokia
is providing.  The agreements recognize the value of intellectual property portfolios and put in place mechanisms for exchanging rights
to intellectual property. As part of these arrangements, Nokia will receive payments including consideration to be paid as part of a mutual release.  Principal Products and Services:    Xbox 360 gaming and entertainment console, Kinect for Xbox 360, Xbox 360 video games, Xbox 360 accessories; Xbox LIVE; Mediaroom; and Windows
Phone.  Competition 
Entertainment and devices businesses are highly competitive, characterized by rapid product life cycles, frequent introductions of new products and
game titles, and the development of new technologies. The markets for our products are characterized by significant price competition, and we anticipate continued pricing pressure from our competitors. Our competitors vary in size from very small
companies with limited resources to very large, diversified corporations with substantial financial and marketing resources. We compete primarily on the basis of product innovation, quality and variety, timing of product releases, and effectiveness
of distribution and marketing.  Our Xbox gaming and entertainment business competes with console platforms from Nintendo and Sony, both
of which have a large, established base of customers. The lifecycle for gaming and entertainment consoles averages five to 10 years. We released Xbox 360, our second generation console, in November 2005. Nintendo and Sony released new versions of
their game consoles in late 2006. We believe the success of gaming and entertainment consoles is determined by the availability of games for the console, providing exclusive game content that gamers seek, the computational power and reliability of
the console, and the ability to create new experiences via online services, downloadable content, and peripherals. In addition to Nintendo and Sony, our businesses compete with both Apple and Google in offering content products and services to the
consumer. We believe the Xbox 360 entertainment platform is positioned well against competitive products and services based on significant innovation in hardware architecture, new developer tools, online gaming and entertainment services, and
continued strong exclusive content from our own game franchises as well as other digital content offerings.  Windows Phone faces
competition primarily from Apple, Google, and Research In Motion. Mediaroom faces competition primarily from a variety of competitors that provide elements of an Internet protocol television delivery platform, but that do not provide end-to-end
solutions for the network operator. 
  8 


Table of Contents

 

PART I  Item 1 
 
 
OPERATIONS  We have operations centers that support all operations in their regions, including customer contract and order processing, credit and collections, information processing, and vendor management and logistics. The
regional center in Ireland supports the European, Middle Eastern, and African region; the center in Singapore supports the Japan, Greater China, and Asia-Pacific region; and the centers in Fargo, North Dakota, Fort Lauderdale, Florida, Puerto Rico,
Redmond, Washington, and Reno, Nevada support Latin America and North America. In addition to the operations centers, we also operate data centers throughout the U.S. and in Europe. 
To serve the needs of customers around the world and to improve the quality and usability of products in international markets, we localize many of
our products to reflect local languages and conventions. Localizing a product may require modifying the user interface, altering dialog boxes, and translating text.  We contract most of our manufacturing activities for Xbox 360 and related games, Kinect for Xbox 360, various retail software packaged products, and Microsoft hardware to third parties. Our products may include
some components that are available from only one or limited sources. Our Xbox 360 console and Kinect for Xbox 360 include key components that are supplied by a single source. The integrated central processing unit/graphics processing unit is
purchased from IBM, and the supporting embedded dynamic random access memory chips are purchased from Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company. Although we have chosen to initially source these components from a single supplier, we are under no
obligation to exclusively source the components from these vendors in the future. We generally have the ability to use other manufacturers if the current vendor becomes unavailable. We generally have multiple sources for raw materials, supplies, and
components, and are often able to acquire component parts and materials on a volume discount basis.  RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT
 During fiscal years 2011, 2010, and 2009, research and development expense was $9.0 billion, $8.7 billion, and $9.0 billion,
respectively. These amounts represented 13%, 14%, and 15%, respectively, of revenue in each of those years. We plan to continue to make significant investments in a broad range of research and product development efforts. 
Product Development and Intellectual Property  Most of our software products and services are developed internally. Internal development allows us to maintain competitive advantages that come from closer technical control over our products and services. It also
gives us the freedom to decide which modifications and enhancements are most important and when they should be implemented. We strive to obtain information as early as possible about changing usage patterns and hardware advances that may affect
software design. Before releasing new software platforms, we provide application vendors with a range of resources and guidelines for development, training, and testing. Generally, we also create product documentation internally. 
We protect our investments in innovation in a variety of ways. We work actively in the U.S. and internationally to ensure the enforcement of
copyright, trademark, trade secret, and other protections that apply to our software products, services, business plans, and branding. We are a leader among technology companies in pursuing patents and currently have a portfolio of over 26,000 U.S.
and international patents issued and over 36,000 pending. While we employ many of our innovations exclusively in Microsoft products and services, we also engage in outbound and inbound licensing of specific patented technologies that are
incorporated into licensees’ or Microsoft’s products. From time to time, we enter into broader cross-license agreements with other technology companies covering entire groups of patents. From time to time, we purchase or license technology
that we incorporate in our products or services.  While it may be necessary in the future to seek or renew licenses relating to various
aspects of our products and business methods, we believe, based upon past experience and industry practice, such licenses generally could be obtained on commercially reasonable terms. We believe our continuing innovation and product development are
not materially dependent on any single license or other agreement with a third party relating to the development of our products. 
  9 


Table of Contents

 

PART I  Item 1 
 
 
Investing in Innovation  Innovation is the foundation for Microsoft’s success. Our model for growth is based on our ability to initiate and embrace disruptive technology trends, to enter new markets, both in terms of geographies and
product areas, and to drive broad adoption of the products and services we develop and market. Our innovation investments focus on the emerging technology trends and breakthroughs that we believe offer significant opportunities to deliver value to
our customers and growth for the company. We maintain our long-term commitment to research and development across a wide spectrum of technologies, tools, and platforms spanning communication and collaboration; information access and organization;
entertainment; business and e-commerce; advertising; and devices.  While our main research and development facilities are located in
Redmond, Washington, we also operate research and development facilities in other parts of the U.S. and around the world, including Canada, China, Denmark, England, India, Ireland, and Israel. This global approach will help us remain competitive in
local markets and enable us to continue to attract top talent from across the world. We generally fund research at the corporate level to ensure that we are looking beyond immediate product considerations to opportunities further in the future. We
also fund research and development activities at the business segment level. Many of the innovations created by our business segments are coordinated with other segments and leveraged across the company. 
In addition to our main research and development operations, we also operate Microsoft Research. Microsoft Research is one of the world’s
largest computer science research organizations, and works in close collaboration with top universities around the world to advance the state-of-the-art in computer science, providing us a unique perspective on future technology trends. 
Based on our assessment of key technology trends and our broad focus on long-term research and development of new products and services, areas
where we see significant opportunities to drive future growth include smart connected devices, cloud computing, entertainment, search, communications, and productivity.  DISTRIBUTION, SALES, AND MARKETING  We market and distribute our products and services
primarily through the following channels: OEM; distributors and resellers; and online.  OEM 
We distribute software through OEMs that pre-install our software on new PCs, servers, smartphones, and other intelligent devices that they sell to
end customers. The largest component of the OEM business is the Windows operating system pre-installed on PCs. OEMs also sell hardware pre-installed with other Microsoft products, including server operating systems and application products and
desktop applications such as our Microsoft Office suite. In addition to these products, we also market through OEMs software services such as our Windows Live Essentials suite. 
There are two broad categories of OEMs. The largest OEMs, many of which operate globally, are referred to as “Direct OEMs,” as our
relationship with them is managed through a direct agreement between Microsoft and the manufacturer. We have distribution agreements covering one or more of our products with virtually all of the multinational OEMs, including Acer, ASUSTek, Dell,
Fujitsu, HTC, Hewlett-Packard, LG, Lenovo, NEC, Nokia, Samsung, Sony, Toshiba, and with many regional and local OEMs, including Medion, MSI, and Positivo. The second broad category of OEMs consists of lower-volume PC manufacturers (also called
“System Builders”), which source their Microsoft software for pre-installation and local redistribution primarily through the Microsoft distributor channel rather than through a direct agreement or relationship with Microsoft. Some of the
distributors in the Microsoft distributor channel are global, such as Ingram Micro and Tech Data, but most operate at a local or regional level. 
  10 


Table of Contents

 

PART I  Item 1 
 
 
Distributors and Resellers  Many organizations that license our products and services through enterprise agreements transact directly with us, with sales support from solution integrators, independent software vendors, web agencies, and
developers that advise organizations on licensing our products and services (“Enterprise Software Advisors”). Organizations also license our products and services indirectly, primarily through large account resellers (“LARs”),
distributors, value-added resellers (“VARs”), OEMs, system builder channels and retailers. Although each type of reselling partner reaches organizations of all sizes, LARs are primarily engaged with large organizations, distributors resell
primarily to VARs, and VARs typically reach small-sized and medium-sized organizations. Enterprise Software Advisors typically are also authorized as LARs and operate as resellers for our other licensing programs, such as the Select and Open
licensing programs discussed under “Licensing Options” below. Some of our distributors include Ingram Micro and Tech Data, and some of our largest resellers include CDW, Dell, Insight Enterprises, and Software House International. Our
Microsoft Dynamics software offerings are licensed to enterprises through a global network of channel partners providing vertical solutions and specialized services. We distribute our retail packaged products primarily through independent
non-exclusive distributors, authorized replicators, resellers, and retail outlets. Individual consumers obtain these products primarily through retail outlets, such as Wal-Mart and Dixons. We have a network of field sales representatives and field
support personnel that solicits orders from distributors and resellers, and provides product training and sales support.  Online 
Although client-based software will continue to be an important part of our business, increasingly we are delivering additional value to customers
through cloud-based services. We provide online content and services to consumers through Bing, MSN portals and channels, Microsoft Office Web Apps, Microsoft Security Essentials, Windows Live Essentials suite, Windows Phone Marketplace, Xbox LIVE,
and Zune Marketplace. We provide content and services to business users through the Microsoft Online Services platform, which includes cloud-based services such as Business Productivity Online Standard Suite, Exchange Online, Microsoft Dynamics CRM
Online, Microsoft Lync, Microsoft Office 365, Microsoft Office Communications Online, Microsoft Office Live Meeting, SQL Azure, SharePoint Online, Windows Azure, and Windows Intune. Other services delivered online include our online advertising
platform with offerings for advertisers, as well as Microsoft Developer Networks subscription content and updates, periodic product updates, and online technical and practice readiness resources to support our partners in developing and selling our
products and solutions.  LICENSING OPTIONS  We license software to organizations under arrangements that allow the end-user customer to acquire multiple licenses of products and services. Our arrangements for organizations to acquire multiple licenses of
products and services are designed to provide them with a means of doing so without having to acquire separate packaged product through retail channels. In delivering organizational licensing arrangements to the market, we use different programs
designed to provide flexibility for organizations of various sizes. While these programs may differ in various parts of the world, generally they include those discussed below.  Open Licensing  Designed primarily for small-to-medium organizations (5 to over 250 licenses),
Open licensing programs allow customers to acquire perpetual or subscription licenses and, at the customer’s election, rights to future versions of software products over a specified time period (two or three years depending on the Open program
used). The offering that conveys rights to future versions of certain software products over the contract period is called software assurance. Software assurance also provides support, tools, and training to help customers deploy and use software
efficiently. Under the Open program, customers can acquire licenses only, or licenses with software assurance. They can also renew software assurance upon the expiration of existing volume licensing agreements. 
  11 


Table of Contents

 

PART I  Item 1 
 
 
Select Licensing  Designed primarily for medium-to-large organizations (greater than 250 licenses), the Select program allows customers to acquire perpetual licenses and, at the customer’s election, software assurance over a
specified time period (generally three years or less). Similar to the Open program, the Select program allows customers to acquire licenses only, acquire licenses with software assurance, or renew software assurance upon the expiration of existing
volume licensing agreements. Online services are also available for purchase through the Select program, and subscriptions are generally structured with terms between one and three years.  Services Provider Licensing  The Microsoft Services Provider License Agreement
(“SPLA”) is a program targeted to service providers and Independent Software Vendors (“ISVs”) allowing these partners to provide software services and hosted applications to their end customers. Agreements are generally
structured with a three-year term, and partners are billed monthly based upon consumption.  Enterprise Agreement Licensing 
Enterprise agreements are targeted at medium and large organizations (greater than 250 licenses) that want to acquire licenses to software
products, along with software assurance, for all or substantial parts of their enterprise. Enterprises can elect to either acquire perpetual licenses or, under the Enterprise Subscription program, can acquire non-perpetual, subscription agreements
for a specified time period (generally three years). Online services are also available for purchase through the Enterprise agreement and subscriptions are generally structured with three year terms. 
CUSTOMERS  Our customers
include individual consumers, small- and medium-sized organizations, enterprises, governmental institutions, educational institutions, Internet service providers, application developers, and OEMs. Consumers and small- and medium-sized organizations
obtain our products primarily through distributors, resellers, and OEMs. No sales to an individual customer accounted for more than 10% of fiscal year 2011, 2010, or 2009 revenue. Our practice is to ship our products promptly upon receipt of
purchase orders from customers; consequently, backlog is not significant.  EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE
REGISTRANT  Our executive officers as of July 28, 2011 were as follows: 
 










Name
  
Age
 
  
Position with the Company







 Steven A. Ballmer
  
 
55
  
  
 Chief Executive Officer

 Lisa E. Brummel
  
 
51
  
  
 Senior Vice President, Human Resources

 Kurt D. DelBene
  
 
51
  
  
 President, Microsoft Office Division

 Peter S. Klein
  
 
48
  
  
 Chief Financial Officer

 Craig J. Mundie
  
 
62
  
  
 Chief Research and Strategy Officer

 Satya Nadella
  
 
43
  
  
 President, Server and Tools

 Steven Sinofsky
  
 
45
  
  
 President, Windows & Windows Live Division

 Bradford L. Smith
  
 
52
  
  
 Senior Vice President; General Counsel; Secretary

 B. Kevin Turner
  
 
46
  
  
 Chief Operating Officer
 Mr. Ballmer was appointed Chief Executive Officer in
January 2000. He served as President from July 1998 to February 2001. Previously, he had served as Executive Vice President, Sales and Support since February 1992. Mr. Ballmer joined Microsoft in 1980. 
  12 


Table of Contents

 

PART I  Item 1 
 
 
Ms. Brummel was named Senior Vice President, Human Resources in December 2005. She had
been Corporate Vice President, Human Resources since May 2005. From May 2000 to May 2005, she had been Corporate Vice President of the Home & Retail Division. Since joining Microsoft in 1989, Ms. Brummel has held a number of
management positions at Microsoft, including general manager of Consumer Productivity business, product unit manager of the Kids business, and product unit manager of Desktop and Decision reference products. 
Mr. DelBene was named President, Microsoft Office Division in September 2010. He served as Senior Vice President for the Microsoft Business
Division since 2006. Since joining Microsoft in 1992, Mr. DelBene has served in several roles in Microsoft’s product development teams, including Vice President of Authoring and Collaboration Services, General Manager of Microsoft Outlook,
Group Program Manager for Microsoft Exchange, and Group Manager in Microsoft’s Systems Division.  Mr. Klein was named Chief
Financial Officer in November 2009. He served as Corporate Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Microsoft Business Division from February 2006 to November 2009 and Chief Financial Officer of Server and Tools from July 2003 to February 2006.
Mr. Klein joined Microsoft in 2002.  Mr. Mundie was named Chief Research and Strategy Officer in June 2006. He had been Senior
Vice President and Chief Technical Officer, Advanced Strategies and Policy since August 2001. He was named Senior Vice President, Consumer Platforms in February 1996. Mr. Mundie joined Microsoft in 1992. 
Mr. Nadella was named President, Server and Tools in February 2011. Before holding that position, he had a number of leadership positions at
Microsoft, including Senior Vice President Research and Development for the Online Services Division since 2008 and Corporate Vice President, Research and Development for the Advertising Platform since 2007. From 2000 to 2007, Mr. Nadella led
Microsoft Business Solutions. Prior to that, he spent several years leading engineering efforts in Microsoft’s Server group. Mr. Nadella joined Microsoft in 1992.  Mr. Sinofsky was named President, Windows & Windows Live Division in July 2009. He served as Senior Vice President of the Windows and Windows Live Engineering Group since December 2006 and Senior
Vice President, Office from December 1999 to December 2006. He had been Vice President, Office since December 1998. Mr. Sinofsky joined the Office team in 1994, increasing his responsibility with each subsequent release of the desktop suite.
Mr. Sinofsky joined Microsoft in 1989.  Mr. Smith was named Senior Vice President, General Counsel, and Secretary in November
2001. Mr. Smith was also named Chief Compliance Officer effective July 2002. He had been Deputy General Counsel for Worldwide Sales and previously was responsible for managing the European Law and Corporate Affairs Group, based in Paris.
Mr. Smith joined Microsoft in 1993.  Mr. Turner was named Chief Operating Officer in September 2005. Before joining Microsoft,
he was Executive Vice President of Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. and President and Chief Executive Officer of the Sam’s Club division. From September 2001 to August 2002, he served as Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer of
Wal-Mart’s Information Systems Division. From March 2000 to September 2001, he served as its Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer of the Information Systems Division. 
EMPLOYEES  As of
June 30, 2011, we employed approximately 90,000 people on a full-time basis, 54,000 in the U.S. and 36,000 internationally. Of the total, 35,000 were in product research and development, 25,000 in sales and marketing, 16,000 in product support
and consulting services, 5,000 in manufacturing and distribution, and 9,000 in general and administration. Our success is highly dependent on our ability to attract and retain qualified employees. None of our employees are subject to collective
bargaining agreements. 
  13 


Table of Contents

 

PART I  Item 1, 1A 
 
 
AVAILABLE INFORMATION 
Our Internet address is www.microsoft.com. At our Investor Relations Web site, www.microsoft.com/investor, we make available free of charge a
variety of information for investors. Our goal is to maintain the Investor Relations Web site as a portal through which investors can easily find or navigate to pertinent information about us, including: 
 


 
•
 
 our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to those reports, as soon as reasonably
practicable after we electronically file that material with or furnish it to the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”);   


 
•
 
 information on our business strategies, financial results, and key performance indicators; 
 


 
•
 
 announcements of investor conferences, speeches, and events at which our executives talk about our product, service, and competitive strategies. Archives of
these events are also available;   


 
•
 
 press releases on quarterly earnings, product and service announcements, legal developments, and international news; 
 


 
•
 
 corporate governance information including our articles, bylaws, governance guidelines, committee charters, codes of conduct and ethics, global corporate
citizenship initiatives, and other governance-related policies;   


 
•
 
 other news and announcements that we may post from time to time that investors might find useful or interesting; and 
 


 
•
 
 opportunities to sign up for email alerts and RSS feeds to have information pushed in real time. 
The information found on our Web site is not part of this or any other report we file with, or furnish to, the SEC. 
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS  Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those described below, that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash
flows, and the trading price of our common stock.  The cloud-based computing model presents execution and competitive
risks.    We are transitioning our strategy to a computing environment characterized by cloud-based services used with smart client devices. Our competitors are rapidly developing and deploying cloud-based services for
consumers and business customers. Pricing and delivery models are evolving. Devices and form factors influence how users access services in the cloud. We are devoting significant resources to develop and deploy our own competing cloud-based software
plus services strategies. While we believe our expertise, investments in infrastructure, and the breadth of our cloud-based services provides us with a strong foundation to compete, it is uncertain whether our strategies will attract the users or
generate the revenue required to be successful. In addition to software development costs, we are incurring costs to build and maintain infrastructure to support cloud computing services. These costs may reduce the operating margins we have
previously achieved. Whether we are successful in this new business model depends on our execution in a number of areas, including:   


 
•
 
 continuing to innovate and bring to market compelling cloud-based experiences that generate increasing traffic and market share; 
 


 
•
 
 maintaining the utility, compatibility, and performance of our cloud-based services on the growing array of computing devices, including smartphones, handheld
computers, netbooks, tablets, and television set top devices;   


 
•
 
 continuing to enhance the attractiveness of our cloud platforms to third-party developers; and 
 


 
•
 
 ensuring that our cloud services meet the reliability expectations of our customers and maintain the security of their data. 
  14 


Table of Contents

 

PART I  Item 1A 
 
 
Challenges to our business models may reduce our revenue or operating
margins.    Whether our software runs in the cloud or on a device, we continue to face challenges from alternative means of developing and licensing software. Under our license-based software model, software developers bear
the costs of converting original ideas into software products through investments in research and development, offsetting these costs with the revenue received from the distribution of their products. Certain “open source” software
business models challenge our license-based software model. Open source commonly refers to software whose source code is subject to a license allowing it to be modified, combined with other software and redistributed, subject to restrictions set
forth in the license. Some companies compete with us using an open source business model by modifying and then distributing open source software to end users at nominal cost and earning revenue on complementary services and products. These firms do
not bear the full costs of research and development for the software. In some cases, their products may infringe our patents. In addition, advertising-based business models seek revenue by delivering third party advertisements to end customers who
receive the software and services at no direct costs. Gains in market acceptance of open source or advertising based software may adversely affect our sales, revenue, and operating margins. 
An important element of our business model has been to create platform-based ecosystems on which many participants can build diverse solutions. A
competing vertically-integrated model, in which a single firm controls both the software and hardware elements of a product, has been successful with certain consumer products such as personal computers, mobile phones, and digital music players. We
also offer vertically-integrated hardware and software products; however, efforts to compete with the vertically integrated model may increase our cost of sales and reduce our operating margins. 
We derive substantial revenue from licenses of Windows operating systems on personal computers. The proliferation of alternative devices and form
factors creates challenges from competing software platforms. It is uncertain to what extent alternative devices will increase the number of computing devices that users own, or will substitute for users’ personal computer purchases.
Alternative devices also run operating systems and applications developed by our competitors. These factors could impact our revenue and margins.  We face intense competition.    We continue to experience intense competition across all markets for our products and services. Our competitors range in size from Fortune 100 companies to
small, specialized single-product businesses and open source community-based projects. Although we believe the breadth of our businesses and product portfolio is a competitive advantage, our competitors that are focused on narrower product lines may
be more effective in devoting technical, marketing, and financial resources to compete with us. In addition, barriers to entry in our businesses generally are low and products, once developed, can be distributed broadly and quickly at relatively low
cost. Open source software vendors are devoting considerable efforts to developing software that mimics the features and functionality of our products, in some cases in violation of our intellectual property rights or on the basis of technical
specifications for Microsoft technologies that we make available at little or no cost in connection with our interoperability initiatives. In response to competition, we continue to develop versions of our products with basic functionality that are
sold at lower prices than the standard versions. These competitive pressures may result in decreased sales volumes, price reductions, and/or increased operating costs, such as for marketing and sales incentives, resulting in lower revenue, gross
margins, and operating income.  We may not be able to adequately protect our intellectual property
rights.    Protecting our global intellectual property rights and combating unlicensed copying and use of software and other intellectual property is difficult. While piracy adversely affects U.S. revenue, the impact on
revenue from outside the U.S. is more significant, particularly in countries where laws are less protective of intellectual property rights. As a result, our revenue in these markets likely will grow slower than the underlying PC market. Similarly,
the absence of harmonized patent laws makes it more difficult to ensure consistent respect for patent rights. Throughout the world, we actively educate consumers about the benefits of licensing genuine products and obtaining indemnification benefits
for intellectual property risks, and we educate lawmakers about the advantages of a business climate where intellectual property rights are protected. However, continued educational and enforcement efforts may fail to enhance revenue. Reductions in
the legal protection for software intellectual property rights could adversely affect revenue.  Third parties may claim we infringe
their intellectual property rights.    From time to time, we receive notices from others claiming we infringe their intellectual property rights. Because of constant technological change in the

  15 


Table of Contents

 

PART I  Item 1A 
 
 

segments in which we compete, the extensive patent coverage of existing technologies, and the rapid rate of issuance of new patents, it is possible the number of these claims may grow. To resolve
these claims we may enter into royalty and licensing agreements on less favorable terms, stop selling or redesign affected products, or pay damages to satisfy indemnification commitments with our customers. Such agreements may cause operating
margins to decline. We have made and expect to continue making significant expenditures to settle claims related to the use of technology and intellectual property rights as part of our strategy to manage this risk. 
We may not be able to protect our source code from copying if there is an unauthorized disclosure of source
code.    Source code, the detailed program commands for our operating systems and other software programs, is critical to our business. Although we license portions of our application and operating system source code to a
number of licensees, we take significant measures to protect the secrecy of large portions of our source code. If an unauthorized disclosure of a significant portion of our source code occurs, we could potentially lose future trade secret protection
for that source code. This could make it easier for third parties to compete with our products by copying functionality, which could adversely affect our revenue and operating margins. Unauthorized disclosure of source code also could increase the
security risks described in the next paragraph.  Security vulnerabilities could lead to reduced revenue, liability claims, or
competitive harm.    Maintaining the security of computers and computer networks is paramount for us and our customers. Hackers develop and deploy viruses, worms, and other malicious software programs that attack our products
and services and gain access to our networks and data centers. Although this is an industry-wide problem that affects computers across all platforms, it affects our products and services in particular because hackers tend to focus their efforts on
the most popular operating systems, programs, and services, and we expect them to continue to do so. Groups of hackers may also act in a coordinated manner to launch distributed denial of service attacks, or other coordinated attacks, that may cause
service outages or other interruptions. We devote significant resources to address security vulnerabilities through:   


 
•
 
 engineering more secure products and services;   


 
•
 
 enhancing security and reliability features in our products and services, and continuously evaluating and updating those security and reliability features;
  


 
•
 
 helping our customers make the best use of our products and services to protect against computer viruses and other attacks; 
 


 
•
 
 improving the deployment of software updates to address security vulnerabilities; 
 


 
•
 
 investing in mitigation technologies that help to secure customers from attacks even when such software updates are not deployed; and
  


 
•
 
 providing customers online automated security tools, published security guidance, and security software such as firewalls and anti-virus software.
 The cost of these steps could reduce our operating margins. Despite these efforts, actual or perceived security
vulnerabilities in our products and services could cause significant reputational harm and lead some customers to seek to return products, to reduce or delay future purchases or adoption of services, or to use competing products. Customers may also
increase their expenditures on protecting their existing computer systems from attack, which could delay adoption of new technologies. Any of these actions by customers could adversely affect our revenue. Actual or perceived vulnerabilities may lead
to claims against us. Although our license agreements typically contain provisions that eliminate or limit our exposure to such liability, there is no assurance these provisions will withstand all legal challenges. 
In addition, our internal information technology environment continues to evolve. We are often early adopters of new devices and technologies. We
embrace new ways of sharing data and communicating with partners and customers using methods such as social networking. These practices can enhance efficiency and business insight, but they also present risks that our business policies and internal
security controls may not keep pace with the speed of these changes. If third parties gain access to our networks or data centers, they could obtain and exploit confidential business information and harm our competitive position. 
  16 


Table of Contents

 

PART I  Item 1A 
 
 
Improper disclosure of personal data could result in liability and harm our
reputation.    As we continue to execute our strategy of increasing the number and scale of our cloud-based offerings, we store and process increasingly large amounts of personally identifiable information of our customers.
At the same time, the continued occurrence of high-profile data breaches provides evidence of an external environment increasingly hostile to information security. This environment demands that we continuously improve our design and coordination of
security controls across our business groups and geographies. Despite these efforts, it is possible our security controls over personal data, our training of employees and vendors on data security, and other practices we follow may not prevent the
improper disclosure of personally identifiable information. Improper disclosure of this information could harm our reputation, lead to legal exposure to customers, or subject us to liability under laws that protect personal data, resulting in
increased costs or loss of revenue. Our software products and services also enable our customers to store and process personal data on premises or, increasingly, in a cloud-based environment we host. We believe consumers using our email, messaging,
storage, sharing, and social networking services will increasingly want efficient, centralized methods of choosing their privacy preferences and controlling their data. Perceptions that our products or services do not adequately protect the privacy
of personal information could inhibit sales of our products or services, and could constrain consumer and business adoption of cloud-based solutions.  We may experience outages, data loss and disruptions of our online services if we fail to maintain an adequate operations infrastructure.    Our increasing user traffic and complexity of
our products and services demand more computing power. We have spent and expect to continue to spend substantial amounts to purchase or lease data centers and equipment and to upgrade our technology and network infrastructure to handle increased
traffic on our Web sites and in our data centers, and to introduce new products and services and support existing services such as Bing, Exchange Online, Office 365, SharePoint Online, Xbox LIVE, Windows Azure, Windows Live, and Microsoft Office Web
Apps. We also are growing our business of providing a platform and back-end hosting for services provided by third-party businesses to their end customers. Maintaining and expanding this infrastructure is expensive and complex. Inefficiencies or
operational failures, including temporary or permanent loss of customer data, could diminish the quality of our products, services, and user experience resulting in contractual liability, claims by customers and other third parties, damage to our
reputation and loss of current and potential users, subscribers, and advertisers, each of which may harm our operating results and financial condition.  We are subject to government litigation and regulatory activity that affects how we design and market our products.    As a leading global software maker, we receive close scrutiny from
government agencies under U.S. and foreign competition laws. Some jurisdictions also provide private rights of action for competitors or consumers to assert claims of anti-competitive conduct. For example, we have been involved in the following
actions.  Lawsuits brought by the U.S. Department of Justice, 18 states, and the District of Columbia in two separate actions were
resolved through a Consent Decree that took effect in 2001 and a Final Judgment entered in 2002. These proceedings imposed various constraints on our Windows operating system businesses. These constraints included limits on certain contracting
practices, mandated disclosure of certain software program interfaces and protocols, and rights for computer manufacturers to limit the visibility of certain Windows features in new PCs. Although the Consent Decree and Final Judgment expired in May
2011, we expect that federal and state antitrust authorities will continue to closely scrutinize our business.  The European Commission
closely scrutinizes the design of high-volume Microsoft products and the terms on which we make certain technologies used in these products, such as file formats, programming interfaces, and protocols, available to other companies. In 2004, the
Commission ordered us to create new versions of Windows that do not include certain multimedia technologies and to provide our competitors with specifications for how to implement certain proprietary Windows communications protocols in their own
products. In 2009, the Commission accepted a set of commitments offered by Microsoft to address the Commission’s concerns relating to competition in Web browsing software. The Commission’s impact on product design may limit our ability to
innovate in Windows or other products in the future, diminish the developer appeal of the Windows platform, and increase our product development costs. The availability of licenses related to protocols and file formats may enable competitors to
develop software products that better mimic the functionality of our own products which could result in decreased sales of our products. 
  17 


Table of Contents

 

PART I  Item 1A 
 
 
Government regulatory actions and court decisions such as these may hinder our ability to provide
the benefits of our software to consumers and businesses, thereby reducing the attractiveness of our products and the revenue that come from them. New actions could be initiated at any time, either by these or other governments or private claimants,
including with respect to new versions of Windows or other Microsoft products. The outcome of such actions, or steps taken to avoid them, could adversely affect us in a variety of ways, including: 
 


 
•
 
 We may have to choose between withdrawing products from certain geographies to avoid fines or designing and developing alternative versions of those products
to comply with government rulings, which may entail a delay in a product release and removing functionality that customers want or on which developers rely. 
 


 
•
 
 We may be required to make available licenses to our proprietary technologies on terms that do not reflect their fair market value or do not protect our
associated intellectual property.   


 
•
 
 The rulings described above may be used as precedent in other competition law proceedings. 
Our software and services online offerings are subject to government regulation of the Internet domestically and internationally in many areas,
including user privacy, telecommunications, data protection, and online content. The application of these laws and regulations to our business is often unclear and sometimes may conflict. Compliance with these regulations may involve significant
costs or require changes in business practices that result in reduced revenue. Noncompliance could result in penalties being imposed on us or orders that we stop the alleged noncompliant activity. 
Our business depends on our ability to attract and retain talented employees.    Our business is based on successfully
attracting and retaining talented employees. The market for highly skilled workers and leaders in our industry is extremely competitive. We are limited in our ability to recruit internationally by restrictive domestic immigration laws. If we are
less successful in our recruiting efforts, or if we are unable to retain key employees, our ability to develop and deliver successful products and services may be adversely affected. Effective succession planning is also important to our long-term
success. Failure to ensure effective transfer of knowledge and smooth transitions involving key employees could hinder our strategic planning and execution.  Delays in product development schedules may adversely affect our revenue.    The development of software products is a complex and time-consuming process. New products and enhancements to
existing products can require long development and testing periods. Our increasing focus on cloud-based software plus services also presents new and complex development issues. Significant delays in new product or service releases or significant
problems in creating new products or services could adversely affect our revenue.  We make significant investments in new products
and services that may not be profitable.    Our growth depends on our ability to innovate by offering new, and adding value to our existing, software and service offerings. We will continue to make significant investments in
research, development, and marketing for new products, services, and technologies, including the Windows PC operating system, the Microsoft Office system, Bing, Windows Phone, Windows Server, Windows Live, the Windows Azure Services platform and
other cloud-based services offerings, and the Xbox 360 entertainment platform. Investments in new technology are speculative. Commercial success depends on many factors, including innovativeness, developer support, and effective distribution and
marketing. Our degree of success with Windows Phone, for example, will impact our ability to grow our share of the smartphone operating system market. It will also be an important factor in supporting our strategy of delivering value to end users
seamlessly over PC, phone, and TV device classes. If customers do not perceive our latest offerings as providing significant new functionality or other value, they may reduce their purchases of new software products or upgrades, unfavorably
impacting revenue. We may not achieve significant revenue from new product and service investments for a number of years, if at all. Moreover, new products and services may not be profitable, and even if they are profitable, operating margins for
new products and businesses may not be as high as the margins we have experienced historically.  Adverse economic conditions may harm
our business.    Unfavorable changes in economic conditions, including inflation, recession, or other changes in economic conditions, may result in lower information technology spending and adversely affect our revenue. If
demand for PCs, servers, and other computing devices declines, or consumer or 
  18 


Table of Contents

 

PART I  Item 1A 
 
 

business spending for those products declines, our revenue will be adversely affected. Our product distribution system also relies on an extensive partner network. The impact of economic
conditions on our partners, such as the bankruptcy of a major distributor, could result in sales channel disruption. Challenging economic conditions also may impair the ability of our customers to pay for products and services they have purchased.
As a result, reserves for doubtful accounts and write-offs of accounts receivable may increase. We maintain an investment portfolio of various holdings, types, and maturities. These investments are subject to general credit, liquidity, market, and
interest rate risks, which may be exacerbated by unusual events that have affected global financial markets. A significant part of our investment portfolio consists of U.S. government securities. If global credit and equity markets experience
prolonged periods of decline, or if the U.S. federal government budget process results in a default or downgrade of its debt, our investment portfolio may be adversely impacted and we could determine that more of our investments have experienced an
other-than-temporary decline in fair value, requiring impairment charges that could adversely impact our financial results.  We have
claims and lawsuits against us that may result in adverse outcomes.    We are subject to a variety of claims and lawsuits. Adverse outcomes in some or all of these claims may result in significant monetary damages or
injunctive relief that could adversely affect our ability to conduct our business. Although management currently believes resolving all of these matters, individually or in the aggregate, will not have a material adverse impact on our financial
statements, the litigation and other claims are subject to inherent uncertainties and management’s view of these matters may change in the future. A material adverse impact on our financial statements also could occur for the period in which
the effect of an unfavorable final outcome becomes probable and reasonably estimable.  We may have additional tax
liabilities.    We are subject to income taxes in the U.S. and many foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes. In the ordinary course of our business,
there are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. We regularly are under audit by tax authorities. Although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, the final determination of tax audits and any
related litigation could be materially different from our historical income tax provisions and accruals. The results of an audit or litigation could have a material effect on our financial statements in the period or periods for which that
determination is made.  We earn a significant amount of our operating income from outside the U.S., and any repatriation of funds
currently held in foreign jurisdictions may result in higher effective tax rates for the company. In addition, there have been proposals to change U.S. tax laws that would significantly impact how U.S. multinational corporations are taxed on foreign
earnings. Although we cannot predict whether or in what form this proposed legislation may pass, if enacted it could have a material adverse impact on our tax expense and cash flow. 
Our vertically-integrated hardware and software products may experience quality or supply problems.    Our hardware
products such as the Xbox 360 console are highly complex and can have defects in design, manufacture, or associated software. We could incur significant expenses, lost revenue, and reputational harm if we fail to detect or effectively address such
issues through design, testing, or warranty repairs. We obtain some components of our hardware devices from sole suppliers. If a component delivery from a sole-source supplier is delayed or becomes unavailable or industry shortages occur, we may be
unable to obtain timely replacement supplies, resulting in reduced sales. Either component shortages or excess or obsolete inventory may increase our cost of revenue. Xbox 360 consoles are assembled in Asia; disruptions in the supply chain may
result in console shortages that would affect our revenue and operating margins. These same risks would apply to any other vertically-integrated hardware and software products we may offer. 
If our goodwill or amortizable intangible assets become impaired we may be required to record a significant charge to
earnings.    Under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (“U.S. GAAP”), we review our amortizable intangible assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate the
carrying value may not be recoverable. Goodwill is tested for impairment at least annually. Factors that may be considered a change in circumstances, indicating that the carrying value of our goodwill or amortizable intangible assets may not be
recoverable, include a decline in stock price and market capitalization, reduced future cash flow estimates, and slower growth rates in our industry. We may be required to record a significant charge in our financial statements during the period in
which any impairment of our goodwill or amortizable intangible assets is determined, negatively impacting our results of operations. 
  19 


Table of Contents

 

PART I  Item 1A, 1B, 2 
 
 
We operate a global business that exposes us to additional risks.    We
operate in over 100 countries and a significant part of our revenue comes from international sales. Pressure to make our pricing structure uniform might require that we reduce the sales price of our software in the U.S. and other countries.
Operations outside the U.S. may be affected by changes in trade protection laws, policies and measures, and other regulatory requirements affecting trade and investment, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and local laws prohibiting corrupt
payments. Emerging markets are a significant focus of our international growth strategy. The developing nature of these markets presents a number of risks. Deterioration of social, political, labor, or economic conditions in a specific country or
region and difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations may also adversely affect our operations or financial results. Although we hedge a portion of our international currency exposure, significant fluctuations in exchange rates between
the U.S. dollar and foreign currencies may adversely affect our net revenue.  Catastrophic events or geo-political conditions may
disrupt our business.    A disruption or failure of our systems or operations in the event of a major earthquake, weather event, cyber-attack, terrorist attack, or other catastrophic event could cause delays in completing
sales, providing services, or performing other mission-critical functions. Our corporate headquarters, a significant portion of our research and development activities, and certain other critical business operations are located in the Seattle,
Washington area, and we have other business operations in the Silicon Valley area of California, both of which are near major earthquake faults. A catastrophic event that results in the destruction or disruption of any of our critical business or
information technology systems could harm our ability to conduct normal business operations. Our move toward providing our customers with more services and solutions in the cloud puts a premium on the resilience of our systems and strength of our
business continuity management plans, and magnifies the potential impact of prolonged outages on our operating results. Abrupt political change, terrorist activity, and armed conflict pose a risk of general economic disruption in affected countries,
which may increase our operating costs. These conditions also may add uncertainty to the timing and budget for technology investment decisions by our customers, and may result in supply chain disruptions for hardware manufacturers, either of which
may adversely affect our revenue. The long-term effects of climate change on the global economy in general or the information technology industry in particular are unclear. Environmental regulations or changes in the supply, demand or available
sources of energy may affect the availability or cost of goods and services, including natural resources, necessary to run our business. Changes in weather where we operate may increase the costs of powering and cooling computer hardware we use to
develop software and provide cloud-based services. New regulations may require us to find alternative compliant and cost-effective methods of distributing our products and services. 
Acquisitions, joint ventures and strategic alliances may have an adverse effect on our business.    We expect to
continue making acquisitions or entering into joint ventures and strategic alliances as part of our long-term business strategy. These transactions involve significant challenges and risks including that the transaction does not advance our business
strategy, that we don’t realize a satisfactory return on our investment, or that we experience difficulty integrating new employees, business systems, and technology, or diversion of management’s attention from our other businesses. It may
take longer than expected to realize the full benefits, such as increased revenue, enhanced efficiencies, or market share, or those benefits may ultimately be smaller than anticipated, or may not be realized. These events could harm our operating
results or financial condition.  ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
We have received no written comments regarding our periodic or current reports from the staff of the SEC that were issued 180 days or more
preceding the end of our fiscal year 2011 that remain unresolved.  ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
Our corporate offices consist of approximately 15 million square feet of office space located in King County, Washington: 10 million
square feet of owned space situated on approximately 500 acres of land we own at our corporate campus in Redmond, Washington and approximately five million square feet of space we lease. We own approximately three million additional square feet
of office and data center space domestically (outside of the Puget Sound corporate campus) and lease many sites domestically totaling approximately four million square feet of office and data center space. 
  20 


Table of Contents

 

PART I, II  Item 2, 3, 5 
 
 
We occupy many sites internationally, totaling approximately three million square feet that is
owned and approximately nine million square feet that is leased. International facilities that we own include our development center in Hyderabad, India; our European operations center in Dublin, Ireland; a research and development campus in
Beijing, China; and facilities in Reading, UK. The largest leased office spaces include the following locations: Beijing and Shanghai, China; Tokyo, Japan; Unterschleissheim, Germany; Paris, France; Dublin, Ireland; Bangalore, India; Reading, UK;
Vedbaek, Denmark; and Mississauga, Canada. In addition to the above locations, we have a disk duplication and digital distribution facility in Humacao, Puerto Rico, a facility in Singapore for our Asia Pacific operations center and regional
headquarters, and various product development facilities, both domestically and internationally, as described in the “Research and Development” section of Item 1 of this Form 10-K. 
Our facilities are fully used for current operations of all segments, and suitable additional spaces are available to accommodate expansion needs.
We have a development agreement with the City of Redmond under which we may currently develop approximately 1.6 million square feet of additional facilities at our corporate campus in Redmond, Washington. In addition, we own 63 acres of
undeveloped land in Issaquah, Washington, that can accommodate approximately one 
million square feet of office space.  ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
See Note 17 – Contingencies of the Notes to Financial Statements (Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K) for information regarding legal
proceedings in which we are involved.  PART II  ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
MARKET AND STOCKHOLDERS  Our
common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Stock Market under the symbol MSFT. On July 20, 2011, there were 134,854 registered holders of record of our common stock. The high and low common stock sales prices per share were as follows: 
 
























Quarter Ended
  
September 30
 
  
December 31
 
  
March 31
 
  
June 30
 
  
Fiscal Year
 











Fiscal Year 2011
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 








 High
  
$
  26.41
  
  
$
  28.87
  
  
$
  29.46
  
  
$
  26.87
  
  
$
  29.46
  

 Low
  
$
22.73
  
  
$
23.78
  
  
$
24.68
  
  
$
23.65
  
  
$
22.73
  











Fiscal Year 2010
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 








 High
  
$
26.25
  
  
$
31.50
  
  
$
31.24
  
  
$
31.58
  
  
$
31.58
  

 Low
  
$
22.00
  
  
$
24.43
  
  
$
27.57
  
  
$
22.95
  
  
$
22.00
  

  21 


Table of Contents

 

PART II  Item 5, 6, 7 
 
 
DIVIDENDS AND SHARE REPURCHASES 
See Note 18 – Stockholders’ Equity of the Notes to Financial Statements (Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K) for information
regarding dividends and share repurchases by quarter. Following are our monthly stock repurchases for the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2011:   




















Period
  
 Total Number of Shares Purchased
 
 
 Average Price Paid per Share
 
 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly
Announced Plans
or Programs
 
 
 Approximate Dollar Value of
Shares that May Yet be Purchased under the Plans or Programs
 










 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(in millions)
 







 April 1, 2011 – April 30, 2011
  
 
0
  
 
$
0
  
 
 
0
  
 
$
  13,851
  

 May 1, 2011 – May 31, 2011
  
 
0
  
 
$
0
  
 
 
0
  
 
$
13,851
  

 June 1, 2011 – June 30, 2011
  
 
65,839,984
  
 
$
  24.77
  
 
 
65,839,984
  
 
$
12,221
  




 
  
 
65,839,984
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
65,839,984
  
 
 
 
 

 
  



 
 
 
 
 



 
 
 
 
 The repurchases were made using cash resources and occurred in the open market and pursuant to a trading plan under
Rule 10b5-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.  ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA
 FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS   
























(In millions, except per share data)
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 











Year Ended June 30,
  
2011
 
 
2010
 
 
2009
 
 
2008
 
 
2007
 








 Revenue
  
$
69,943
  
 
$
  62,484
    
 
$
  58,437
    
 
$
  60,420
  
 
$
  51,122
    

 Operating income
  
$
27,161
  
 
$
24,098
  
 
$
20,363
  
 
$
22,271

 
(a) 
 
$
18,438
  

 Net income
  
$
23,150
  
 
$
18,760
  
 
$
14,569
  
 
$
17,681

 
(a) 
 
$
14,065
  

 Diluted earnings per share
  
$
2.69
  
 
$
2.10
  
 
$
1.62
  
 
$
1.87
  
 
$
1.42
  

 Cash dividends declared per share
  
$
0.64
  
 
$
0.52
  
 
$
0.52
  
 
$
0.44
  
 
$
0.40
  

 Cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments
  
$
52,772
  
 
$
36,788
  
 
$
31,447
  
 
$
23,662
  
 
$
23,411
  

 Total assets
  
$
  108,704
  
 
$
86,113
  
 
$
77,888
  
 
$
72,793
  
 
$
63,171
  

 Long-term obligations
  
$
22,847
  
 
$
13,791
  
 
$
11,296
  
 
$
6,621
  
 
$
8,320
  

 Stockholders’ equity
  
$
57,083
  
 
$
46,175
  
 
$
39,558
  
 
$
36,286
  
 
$
31,097
  
  


(a)
 Includes a charge of $1.4 billion (€899
million) related to the fine imposed by the European Commission in February 2008.  
ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
 The following Management’s Discussion and Analysis (“MD&A”) is intended to help the reader understand the
results of operations and financial condition of Microsoft Corporation. MD&A is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with, our financial statements and the accompanying Notes to Financial Statements. 
OVERVIEW AND OUTLOOK 
Microsoft is a technology leader focused on helping people and businesses throughout the world realize their full potential. We create technology
that transforms the way people work, play and communicate across a wide range of computing devices.  We generate revenue by developing,
licensing, and supporting a wide range of software products and services, by designing and selling hardware, and by delivering relevant online advertising to a global customer audience. Our most significant expenses are related to compensating
employees, designing, manufacturing, marketing and selling our products and services, and income taxes. 
  22 


Table of Contents

 

PART II  Item 7 
 
 
Industry Trends  Our industry is dynamic and highly competitive, with frequent changes in both technologies and business models. Each industry shift is an opportunity to conceive new products, new technologies, or new ideas which
can further transform the industry and our business. At Microsoft, we push the boundaries of what is possible through a broad set of research and technology innovations that seek to anticipate the changing demands of customers, industry trends, and
competitive forces.  Key Opportunities and Investments  Based on our assessment of key technology trends and our broad focus on long-term research and development of new products and services, we see significant opportunities to drive future growth. 
Smart connected devices  The price per unit
of processing, storage, and networks continues to decline while at the same time devices increase in capability. This ongoing trend is increasing the capabilities of PCs, mobile, and other devices powered by rich software platforms and applications.
At the same time, the information and services people use increasingly span multiple devices. User experiences will be transformed by the adoption of cloud computing when brought together with the richness of smart, connected devices. Microsoft is
delivering experiences that seamlessly connect PCs and mobile and other devices through the cloud. We are devoting significant resources to consumer cloud offerings like Bing, Windows Live, and Xbox LIVE. Our software and hardware platform
investments can be seen in products like Kinect, Windows, Windows Azure, Windows Phone, Windows Server, and Xbox.  Cloud computing transforming the
data center and information technology  Cloud-based solutions provide customers with software, services and content over the
Internet by way of shared computing resources located in centralized data centers. Computing is undergoing a long-term shift from client/server to the cloud, a shift similar in importance and impact to the transition from mainframe to client/server.
The shift to the cloud is driven by three important economies of scale: larger data centers can deploy computational resources at significantly lower cost than smaller ones; larger data centers include diverse customer, geographic, and application
demand patterns which improve the utilization of computing, storage, and network resources; and multi-tenancy lowers application maintenance labor costs for large public clouds. As a result of the improved economics, the cloud offers unique levels
of elasticity and agility that will enable new solutions and applications. For businesses of all sizes, the cloud creates the opportunity to focus more on innovation while leaving non-differentiating activities to reliable and cost-effective
providers. For most businesses, the first step in achieving cloud economics is the adoption of virtualization in their data center. We are devoting significant resources to developing cloud infrastructure, platforms, and applications including
offerings such as Microsoft Dynamics Online, Microsoft SQL Azure, Office 365, Windows Azure, Windows Intune, and Windows Server.  Entertainment
 The evolution of hardware, software, services, and the cloud are enhancing the delivery and quality of unified entertainment
experiences across many devices. These rich media experiences include games, movies, music, television, and social interactions with family, friends, and colleagues. At Microsoft, our approach is to simplify and increase the accessibility of these
entertainment experiences to broaden market penetration of our software and services. We invest significant resources in partnerships, content, Windows Phone, Xbox, and Xbox LIVE.  Search  Over the last two decades, web content and social connections have increased
dramatically as people spend more time online, while discoverability and accessibility has been transforming from direct navigation and document links. There is significant opportunity to deliver differentiated products that helps users make better
decisions and 
  23 


Table of Contents

 

PART II  Item 7 
 
 

complete tasks more simply when using PC, mobile, and other devices. Our approach is to use machine learning to try to understand user intent, and differentiate our product by focusing on the
integration of visual, social, and other elements which simplifies people’s interaction with the Internet. We invest significant resources in Bing, SharePoint, Windows, and Windows Phone. 
Communications and productivity  Personal
and business productivity has been transformed by the ubiquity of computing and software tools. Over the last decade, Microsoft redefined software productivity beyond the rich Office client on the PC. Productivity scenarios now encompass unified
communications, business intelligence, collaboration, content management, and relationship management, which are increasingly powered by server-side applications. These server applications can be hosted by the customer, a partner, or by Microsoft in
the cloud. There are significant opportunities to provide productivity and communication scenarios across PCs, mobile devices, and other devices that connect to services. We invest significant resources in Dynamics, Exchange, Lync, Office, Office
365, SharePoint, and Windows Live.  Economic Conditions, Challenges and Risks 
As discussed above, our industry is dynamic and highly competitive. We must anticipate changes in technology and business models. Our model for
growth is based on our ability to initiate and embrace disruptive technology trends, to enter new markets, both in terms of geographies and product areas, and to drive broad adoption of the products and services we develop and market. 
At Microsoft, we prioritize our investments among the highest long-term growth opportunities. These investments require significant resources and
are multi-year in nature. The products and services we bring to market can be built internally, brought to market as part of a partnership or alliance, or through acquisition.  Our success is highly dependent on our ability to attract and retain qualified employees. We rely on hiring from a mix of university and industry talent worldwide. Microsoft competes for talented individuals
worldwide by offering broad customer reach, scale in resources, and competitive compensation.  Demand for our software, services, and
hardware has a strong correlation to global macroeconomic factors. The current macroeconomic factors remain dynamic. See a discussion of these factors and other risks under Risk Factors (Part 1, Item 1a. of this Form 10-K). 
Seasonality  Our revenue historically has
fluctuated quarterly and has generally been the highest in the second quarter of our fiscal year due to corporate calendar year-end spending trends in our major markets and holiday season spending by consumers. Our Entertainment and Devices Division
is particularly seasonal as its products are aimed at the consumer market and are in highest demand during the holiday shopping season. Typically, the Entertainment and Devices Division has generated approximately 40% of its yearly segment revenue
in our second fiscal quarter. In addition, quarterly revenue may be impacted by the deferral of revenue. See the discussions below regarding sales of earlier versions of the Microsoft Office system with a guarantee to be upgraded to the newest
version of the Microsoft Office system at minimal or no cost (the “Office Deferral”) and sales of Windows Vista with a guarantee to be upgraded to Windows 7 at minimal or no cost and of Windows 7 to retailers before general availability
(the “Windows 7 Deferral”). 
  24 


Table of Contents

 

PART II  Item 7 
 
 
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  Summary of Results for Fiscal Years 2011, 2010, and 2009   
























(In millions, except percentages and per share amounts)
  
2011
 
 
2010
 
 
2009
 
 
PercentageChange 2011Versus 2010
 
 
PercentageChange 2010Versus 2009
 











 Revenue
  
$
  69,943
  
 
$
  62,484
  
 
$
  58,437
  
 
 
12%
  
 
 
7%
  

 Operating income
  
$
27,161
  
 
$
24,098
  
 
$
20,363
  
 
 
13%
  
 
 
18%
  

 Diluted earnings per share
  
$
2.69
  
 
$
2.10
  
 
$
1.62
  
 
 
28%
  
 
 
30%
  
 Fiscal year 2011 compared with fiscal year 2010 
Revenue increased primarily due to strong sales of the Xbox 360 entertainment platform, the 2010 Microsoft Office system, and Server and Tools
products, offset in part by lower Windows revenue. Revenue also increased due to the $254 million Office Deferral in fiscal year 2010 and the subsequent recognition of the Office Deferral during fiscal year 2011. Changes in foreign currency exchange
rates had an insignificant impact on revenue.  Operating income increased reflecting the change in revenue, offset in part by higher
operating expenses. Key changes in operating expenses were:   


 
•
 
 Cost of revenue increased $3.2 billion or 26%, due to higher costs associated with our online offerings, including traffic acquisition costs, and increased
volumes of Xbox 360 consoles and Kinect sensors sold.   


 
•
 
 Sales and marketing expenses increased $726 million or 5%, primarily reflecting increased advertising and marketing of the Xbox 360 platform, Windows Phone,
and Windows and Windows Live, higher headcount-related expenses and increased fees paid to third party enterprise software advisors.   


 
•
 
 Research and development expenses increased $329 million or 4%, due mainly to higher headcount-related expenses. 
 


 
•
 
 General and administrative expenses increased $159 million or 4%, due mainly to higher headcount-related expenses and new Puerto Rican excise taxes, partially
offset by prior year transition expenses associated with the inception of the Yahoo! Commercial Agreement.  Diluted
earnings per share increased reflecting higher revenue, repurchases of common stock, and lower income tax expense, offset in part by higher operating expenses.  Fiscal year 2010 compared with fiscal year 2009  Revenue increased mainly due to strong sales
of Windows 7, which was released during fiscal year 2010, and PC market improvement. Operating income increased reflecting the change in revenue, offset in part by higher operating expenses. 
 


 
•
 
 Sales and marketing expenses increased $335 million or 3%, primarily reflecting increased advertising and marketing of Windows 7 and Bing and increased sales
force expenses related to Windows 7.   


 
•
 
 General and administrative expenses increased $33 million or 1% due mainly to increased legal charges and transition expenses associated with the inception of
the Yahoo! Commercial Agreement, offset in part by a reduction in headcount-related expenses.   


 
•
 
 Cost of revenue increased $240 million or 2%, primarily reflecting increased online costs and charges resulting from the discontinuation of the KIN phone,
offset in part by decreased Xbox 360 console costs and reductions in other costs due to resource management efforts.   


 
•
 
 Research and development expenses decreased $296 million or 3%, primarily reflecting a decrease in third-party development and programming costs and increased
capitalization of certain software development costs. 
  25 


Table of Contents

 

PART II  Item 7 
 
 
Diluted earnings per share increased reflecting increased net income and the repurchase of
380 million shares during fiscal year 2010.  SEGMENT PRODUCT REVENUE/OPERATING INCOME (LOSS) 
The revenue and operating income (loss) amounts in this section are presented on a basis consistent with accounting principles generally accepted
in the U.S. (“U.S. GAAP”) and include certain reconciling items attributable to each of the segments. Segment information appearing in Note 21 – Segment Information and Geographic Data of the Notes to Financial Statements (Part II,
Item 8 of this Form 10-K) is presented on a basis consistent with our current internal management reporting. Certain corporate-level activity has been excluded from segment operating results and is analyzed separately. 
We have recast certain prior period amounts within this MD&A to conform to the way we internally managed and monitored segment performance
during the current fiscal year, including moving Microsoft’s PC hardware business from Entertainment and Devices Division to Windows & Windows Live Division, Windows Embedded from Entertainment and Devices Division to Server and Tools,
and Office for Mac from Entertainment and Devices Division to Microsoft Business Division, as well as implementing intersegment cost allocations between all segments related to the collaborative investment in mobile platform development. 
Windows & Windows Live Division   
























(In millions, except percentages)
  
2011
 
 
2010
 
 
2009
 
 
PercentageChange 2011Versus 2010
 
 
PercentageChange 2010Versus 2009
 











 Revenue
  
$
  19,024
  
 
$
  19,494
  
 
$
  15,847
  
 
 
(2)%
  
 
 
23%
  

 Operating income
  
$
12,281
  
 
$
13,034
  
 
$
9,790
  
 
 
(6)%
  
 
 
33%
  
 Windows & Windows Live Division (“Windows
Division”) develops and markets PC operating systems, related software and online services, and PC hardware products. This collection of software, hardware, and services is designed to simplify everyday tasks through efficient browsing
capabilities and seamless operations across the user’s hardware and software. Windows Division offerings consist of multiple editions of the Windows operating system, software and services through Windows Live, and Microsoft PC hardware
products.  Windows Division revenue is largely correlated to the PC market worldwide, as approximately 75% of total Windows Division
revenue comes from Windows operating system software purchased by original equipment manufacturers (“OEMs”) which they pre-install on equipment they sell. The remaining approximately 25% of Windows Division revenue (“other
revenue”) is generated by commercial and retail sales of Windows and PC hardware products and online advertising from Windows Live.  Fiscal year
2011 compared with fiscal year 2010  Windows Division revenue reflected relative performance in PC market segments. We
estimate that sales of PCs to businesses grew approximately 11% this year and sales of PCs to consumers declined approximately 1%. The decline in consumer PC sales included an approximately 32% decline in the sales of netbooks. Taken together,
the total PC market increased an estimated 2% to 4%. Revenue was negatively impacted by the effect of higher growth in emerging markets, where average selling prices are lower, relative to developed markets, and by lower recognition
of previously deferred Windows XP revenue. Considering the impact of Windows 7 launch in the prior year, including $273 million of revenue recognized related to the Windows 7 Deferral, we estimate that Windows Division revenue was in line with
the PC market.  Windows Division operating income decreased as a result of decreased revenue and higher sales and marketing expenses.
Sales and marketing expenses increased $224 million or 8% reflecting increased advertising of Windows and Windows Live. 
  26 


Table of Contents

 

PART II  Item 7 
 
 
Fiscal year 2010 compared with fiscal year 2009 
Windows Division revenue increased primarily as a result of strong sales of Windows 7 and PC market improvement. We estimate total PC shipments
from all sources grew approximately 16% to 18%. OEM revenue increased $2.6 billion or 22%, while OEM license units increased 21%. The OEM revenue increase was driven by PC market growth, higher Windows attach rates across consumer and business
segments, the restoration of normal OEM inventory levels, and the mix of versions of Windows licensed, offset in part by PC market changes, including stronger growth of emerging markets versus developed markets and of consumer PCs versus business
PCs. Fiscal year 2009 OEM revenue reflects a $273 million Windows 7 Deferral. This amount was subsequently recognized in fiscal year 2010. Other revenue increased $970 million or 26% driven primarily by Windows 7 retail sales. 
Windows Division operating income increased as a result of increased revenue, offset in part by higher operating expenses. Sales and marketing
expenses increased $258 million or 11% reflecting increased advertising and marketing of Windows 7. Cost of revenue increased $251 million or 14%, primarily driven by traffic acquisition costs and royalties. 
Server and Tools   
























(In millions, except percentages)
  
2011
 
 
2010
 
 
2009
 
 
PercentageChange 2011Versus 2010
 
 
PercentageChange 2010Versus 2009
 











 Revenue
  
$
  17,096
  
 
$
  15,378
  
 
$
  14,601
  
 
 
11%
  
 
 
5%
  

 Operating income
  
$
6,608
  
 
$
5,539
  
 
$
4,816
  
 
 
19%
  
 
 
15%
  
 Server and Tools develops and markets technology and
related services that enable information technology professionals and their systems to be more productive and efficient. Server and Tools product and service offerings include Windows Server, Microsoft SQL Server, Windows Azure, Visual Studio,
System Center products, Windows Embedded device platforms, and Enterprise Services. Enterprise Services comprise Premier product support services and Microsoft Consulting Services. We also offer developer tools, training and certification.
Approximately 50% of Server and Tools revenue comes primarily from multi-year volume licensing agreements, approximately 30% is purchased through transactional volume licensing programs, retail packaged product and licenses sold to OEMs, and the
remainder comes from Enterprise Services.  Fiscal year 2011 compared with fiscal year 2010 
Server and Tools revenue increased reflecting growth in both product sales and Enterprise Services. Product revenue increased $1.4 billion or 11%,
driven primarily by growth in Windows Server, SQL Server, Enterprise CAL Suites, and Windows Embedded, reflecting continued adoption of Windows platform applications. Enterprise Services revenue grew $337 million or 11%, due to growth in both
Premier product support and consulting services.  Server and Tools operating income increased due to revenue growth, offset in part by
higher operating expenses. Cost of revenue increased $366 million or 13%, primarily reflecting a $323 million increase in expenses from providing Enterprise Services. Sales and marketing expenses increased $264 million or 6% reflecting increased
fees paid to third party enterprise software advisors and increased corporate marketing activities.  Fiscal year 2010 compared with fiscal year 2009
 Server and Tools revenue increased mainly reflecting growth in product revenue. Product revenue increased $784 million or 7%,
driven primarily by growth in Windows Server, SQL Server and Enterprise CAL Suites revenue, reflecting increased revenue from annuity volume licensing agreements and continued adoption of Windows platform applications, offset in part by a decline in
developer tools revenue. Enterprise Services revenue was relatively flat, with growth in Premier product support services nearly offset by decreased consulting services. 
  27 


Table of Contents

 

PART II  Item 7 
 
 
Server and Tools operating income increased due mainly to revenue growth, offset in part by
increased cost of revenue. Cost of revenue increased $65 million or 2%, reflecting increased headcount-related expenses and hosting costs.  Online
Services Division   
























(In millions, except percentages)
  
2011
 
 
2010
 
 
2009
 
 
PercentageChange 2011Versus 2010
 
 
PercentageChange 2010Versus 2009
 











 Revenue
  
$
   2,528
  
 
$
   2,201
  
 
$
   2,121
  
 
 
15%
  
 
 
4%
  

 Operating loss
  
$
(2,557
) 
 
$
(2,337
) 
 
$
(1,641
) 
 
 
(9)%
  
 
 
(42)%
  
 Online Services Division (“OSD”) develops and
markets information and content designed to help people simplify tasks and make more informed decisions online, and that help advertisers connect with audiences. OSD offerings include Bing, MSN, adCenter, and advertiser tools. Bing and MSN generate
revenue through the sale of search and display advertising. Search and display advertising generally accounts for nearly all of OSD’s annual revenue.  Fiscal year 2011 compared with fiscal year 2010  OSD revenue increased primarily as a result
of growth in online advertising revenue. Online advertising revenue grew $358 million or 19% to $2.3 billion, reflecting continued growth in search and display advertising revenue, offset in part by decreased third party advertising revenue. Search
revenue grew due to increased volumes reflecting general market growth, relative share gains in the U.S., and our Yahoo! alliance, offset in part by decreased revenue per search primarily related to challenges associated with optimizing the adCenter
platform for the new mix and volume of traffic from the combined Yahoo! and Bing properties. As of June 30, 2011, according to third-party sources, Bing organic U.S. market share grew over 31% to approximately 14%, while Bing-powered U.S.
market share, including Yahoo! properties, was approximately 27%.  OSD operating loss increased due to higher operating expenses, offset
in part by increased revenue. Cost of revenue grew $641 million driven by costs associated with the Yahoo! search agreement and increased traffic acquisition costs. General and administrative expenses decreased $157 million or 60% due mainly to
transition expenses in the prior year associated with the inception of the Yahoo! Commercial Agreement. Research and development increased $117 million or 11% due to increased headcount-related costs. 
Fiscal year 2010 compared with fiscal year 2009  OSD revenue increased reflecting increased online advertising revenue, offset in part by decreased Access (dial-up internet) revenue. Online advertising revenue increased $146 million or 8% to $1.9 billion,
reflecting higher search and display advertising revenue, offset in part by decreased advertiser and publisher tools revenue. Access revenue decreased $57 million or 31%, reflecting continued migration of subscribers to broadband or other
competitively-priced service providers.  OSD operating loss increased due to increased operating expenses, offset in part by increased
revenue. Cost of revenue increased $567 million, primarily driven by higher online traffic acquisition costs and Yahoo! reimbursement and implementation costs. General and administrative expenses increased $135 million. Sales and marketing expenses
increased $51 million or 5% due mainly to increased marketing of Bing, offset in part by decreased headcount-related expenses.  Microsoft Business
Division   
























(In millions, except percentages)
  
2011
 
 
2010
 
 
2009
 
 
PercentageChange 2011Versus 2010
 
 
PercentageChange 2010Versus 2009
 











 Revenue
  
$
  22,186
  
 
$
  19,076
  
 
$
  19,257
  
 
 
16%
  
 
 
(1)%
  

 Operating income
  
$
14,124
  
 
$
11,504
  
 
$
11,365
  
 
 
23%
  
 
 
1%
  

  28 


Table of Contents

 

PART II  Item 7 
 
 
Microsoft Business Division (“MBD”) develops and markets software and services designed
to increase personal, team, and organization productivity. MBD offerings include the Microsoft Office system (comprising mainly Office, SharePoint, Exchange and Lync), which generates over 90% of MBD revenue, and Microsoft Dynamics business
solutions. We evaluate MBD results based upon the nature of the end user in two primary parts: business revenue, which includes Microsoft Office system revenue generated through volume licensing agreements and Microsoft Dynamics revenue; and
consumer revenue, which includes revenue from retail packaged product sales and OEM revenue.  Fiscal year 2011 compared with fiscal year 2010
 MBD revenue increased primarily reflecting sales of the 2010 Microsoft Office system, the $254 million Office Deferral during
fiscal year 2010, and the subsequent recognition of the Office Deferral during fiscal year 2011. Business revenue increased $2.0 billion or 13%, reflecting licensing of the 2010 Microsoft Office system to transactional business customers,
growth in multi-year volume licensing revenue, and a 10% increase in Microsoft Dynamics revenue. Consumer revenue increased $1.1 billion or 33%, approximately half of which was attributable to the launch of Office 2010 and half of which was
attributable to the Office Deferral during fiscal year 2010 and subsequent recognition of the Office Deferral during fiscal year 2011. Excluding the impact associated with the Office Deferral, consumer revenue increased $620 million or 17% due to
sales of the 2010 Microsoft Office system.  MBD operating income increased due mainly to revenue growth, offset in part by higher
operating expenses. Cost of revenue increased $335 million or 26%, primarily driven by higher online costs and services. Sales and marketing expenses increased $97 million or 2%, primarily driven by an increase in corporate and cross-platform
marketing activities. Research and development costs increased $79 million or 4%, primarily as a result of capitalization of certain Microsoft Office system software development costs in the prior year. 
Fiscal year 2010 compared with fiscal year 2009  MBD revenue decreased primarily as a result of the net deferral of $254 million of revenue related to the Office 2010 Deferral. Consumer revenue decreased $142 million or 4%, primarily due to the Office 2010
Deferral, offset in part by growth in the PC market and sales of the 2010 Microsoft Office system, which was launched during the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2010. Business revenue decreased $39 million, primarily reflecting a decline in licensing
of the 2007 Microsoft Office system to transactional business customers, offset in part by growth in multi-year volume licensing agreement revenue and licensing of the 2010 Microsoft Office system to transactional business customers. Microsoft
Dynamics revenue was flat.  MBD operating income increased due mainly to decreased operating expenses, offset in part by decreased
revenue. Sales and marketing expenses decreased $203 million or 5%, primarily driven by a decrease in corporate marketing activities. Research and development expenses decreased $202 million or 9%, primarily as a result of capitalization of certain
Microsoft Office system software development costs and lower headcount-related expenses. General and administrative expenses decreased $50 million or 17% primarily due to expenses in the prior year associated with the acquisition of Fast
Search & Transfer ASA (“FAST”) and lower headcount-related expenses. These decreases were offset in part by a $135 million or 12% increase in cost of revenue, primarily driven by increased traffic acquisition costs and increased
costs of providing services.  Entertainment and Devices Division 
 
























(In millions, except percentages)
  
2011
 
 
2010
 
 
2009
 
 
PercentageChange 2011Versus 2010
 
 
PercentageChange 2010Versus 2009
 











 Revenue
  
$
  8,913
  
 
$
  6,168
  
 
$
  6,416
  
 
 
45%
  
 
 
(4)%
  

 Operating income
  
$
1,324
  
 
$
618
  
 
$
351
  
 
 
114%
  
 
 
76%
  

  29 


Table of Contents

 

PART II  Item 7 
 
 
Entertainment and Devices Division (“EDD”) develops and markets products and services
designed to entertain and connect people. EDD offerings include the Xbox 360 entertainment platform (which includes the Xbox 360 gaming and entertainment console, Kinect for Xbox 360, Xbox 360 video games, Xbox LIVE, and Xbox 360 accessories),
Mediaroom (our Internet protocol television software), and Windows Phone. In November 2010, we released Kinect for Xbox 360 and the latest version of Windows Phone.  Fiscal year 2011 compared with fiscal year 2010  EDD revenue increased primarily reflecting
higher Xbox 360 platform revenue. Xbox 360 platform revenue grew $2.7 billion or 48%, led by increased volumes of Xbox 360 consoles, sales of Kinect sensors, and higher Xbox LIVE revenue. We shipped 13.7 million Xbox 360 consoles during fiscal
year 2011, compared with 10.3 million Xbox 360 consoles during fiscal year 2010.  EDD operating income increased primarily
reflecting revenue growth, offset in part by higher cost of revenue. Cost of revenue increased $1.8 billion or 49% primarily reflecting higher volumes of Xbox 360 consoles and Kinect sensors sold, and increased royalty costs resulting from increased
sales of Xbox LIVE digital content. Research and development expenses increased $119 million or 12%, primarily reflecting higher headcount-related costs. Sales and marketing expenses grew $90 million or 12% primarily reflecting increased Xbox 360
platform marketing activities.  Fiscal year 2010 compared with fiscal year 2009 
EDD revenue decreased reflecting decreased revenue from Xbox 360 platform and PC games. Xbox 360 platform and PC game revenue decreased $12
million, primarily reflecting a reduction in Xbox 360 consoles sold and revenue per console, offset in part by increased Xbox LIVE revenue. We shipped 10.3 million Xbox 360 consoles during fiscal year 2010, compared with 11.2 million Xbox
360 consoles during fiscal year 2009. Non-gaming revenue decreased $197 million or 25% primarily reflecting decreased Zune and Windows Phone revenue.  EDD operating income increased due to reduced operating expenses. Cost of revenue decreased $496 million or 12%, primarily due to lower Xbox 360 console costs, offset in part by increased royalty costs resulting
from increased Xbox LIVE digital marketplace third-party content sales and charges resulting from the discontinuation of the KIN phone. Sales and marketing costs decreased $75 million or 9%, primarily due to decreased Xbox 360 platform marketing
activities. Research and development expenses increased $54 million or 6%, primarily reflecting increased headcount-related expenses, offset in part by decreased third-party development and programming costs. 
Corporate-Level Activity   
























(In millions, except percentages)
  
2011
 
 
2010
 
 
2009
 
 
PercentageChange 2011Versus 2010
 
 
PercentageChange 2010Versus 2009
 











 Corporate-level activity
  
$
  (4,619
) 
 
$
  (4,260
) 
 
$
  (4,318
) 
 
 
(8)%
  
 
 
1%
  
 Certain corporate-level activity is not allocated to our
segments, including costs of: broad-based sales and marketing; product support services; human resources; legal; finance; information technology; corporate development and procurement activities; research and development; and legal settlements and
contingencies.  Fiscal year 2011 compared with fiscal year 2010  Corporate-level expenses increased due mainly to new Puerto Rican excise taxes, certain revenue related sales and marketing expenses, and increased headcount-related expenses. These increases were offset in part by
lower legal charges, which were $332 million in fiscal year 2011 compared to $533 million in fiscal year 2010. 
  30 


Table of Contents

 

PART II  Item 7 
 
 
Fiscal year 2010 compared with fiscal year 2009 
Corporate-level expenses decreased due mainly to employee severance charges of $330 million incurred in the prior year, decreased partner payments,
and reductions in other costs due to resource management efforts. These decreases in expenses were offset in part by an increase in legal charges and costs associated with broad-based sales and marketing activities. Legal charges were approximately
$533 million compared to $283 million in the prior year.  OPERATING EXPENSES 
Cost of Revenue   
























(In millions, except percentages)
  
2011
 
 
2010
 
 
2009
 
 
PercentageChange 2011Versus 2010
 
 
PercentageChange 2010Versus 2009
 











 Cost of revenue
  
$
  15,577
  
 
$
  12,395
  
 
$
  12,155
  
 
 
26%
  
 
 
2%
  

 As a percent of revenue
  
 
22%
  
 
 
20%
  
 
 
21%
  
 
 
2ppt
  
 
 
(1)ppt
  
 Cost of revenue includes: manufacturing and distribution
costs for products sold and programs licensed; operating costs related to product support service centers and product distribution centers; costs incurred to include software on PCs sold by OEMs, to drive traffic to our Web sites, and to acquire
online advertising space (“traffic acquisition costs”); costs incurred to support and maintain Internet-based products and services, including royalties; warranty costs; inventory valuation adjustments; costs associated with the delivery
of consulting services; and the amortization of capitalized research and development costs.  Fiscal year 2011 compared with fiscal year 2010
 Cost of revenue increased primarily due to increased volumes of Xbox 360 consoles and Kinect sensors sold, higher costs associated
with our online offerings, including traffic acquisition costs, and higher expenses from providing Enterprise Services, as well as royalty costs relating to Xbox LIVE digital content sold.  Fiscal year 2010 compared with fiscal year 2009  Cost of revenue increased reflecting higher
online costs, mainly Yahoo! reimbursement and implementation costs and traffic acquisition costs, as well as increased royalty costs resulting from increased Xbox LIVE digital marketplace third-party content sales and charges resulting from the
discontinuation of the KIN phone. For the current fiscal year, these costs were offset in part by lower Xbox 360 console costs and reductions in other costs due to resource management efforts. 
Research and Development   
























(In millions, except percentages)
  
2011
 
 
2010
 
 
2009
 
 
PercentageChange 2011Versus 2010
 
 
PercentageChange 2010Versus 2009
 











 Research and development
  
$
  9,043
  
 
$
  8,714
  
 
$
  9,010
  
 
 
4%
  
 
 
(3)%
  

 As a percent of revenue
  
 
13%
  
 
 
14%
  
 
 
15%
  
 
 
(1)ppt
  
 
 
(1)ppt
  
 Research and development expenses include payroll, employee
benefits, stock-based compensation expense, and other headcount-related expenses associated with product development. Research and development expenses also include third-party development and programming costs, localization costs incurred to
translate software for international markets, and the amortization of purchased software code and services content.  Fiscal year 2011 compared with
fiscal year 2010  Research and development expenses increased primarily due to a 5% increase in headcount-related expenses and the
capitalization of certain software development costs in the prior year. 
  31 


Table of Contents

 

PART II  Item 7 
 
 
Fiscal year 2010 compared with fiscal year 2009 
Research and development expenses decreased, primarily reflecting decreased third-party development and programming costs and the capitalization of
certain Microsoft Office system software development costs. These decreases were offset in part by the capitalization of certain software and development costs related to Windows 7 product development in the prior year. 
Sales and Marketing   
























(In millions, except percentages)
  
2011
 
 
2010
 
 
2009
 
 
PercentageChange 2011Versus 2010
 
 
PercentageChange 2010Versus 2009
 











 Sales and marketing
  
$
  13,940
  
 
$
  13,214
  
 
$
  12,879
  
 
 
5%
  
 
 
3%
  

 As a percent of revenue
  
 
20%
  
 
 
21%
  
 
 
22%
  
 
 
(1)ppt
  
 
 
(1)ppt
  
 Sales and marketing expenses include payroll, employee
benefits, stock-based compensation expense, and other headcount-related expenses associated with sales and marketing personnel and the costs of advertising, promotions, trade shows, seminars, and other programs. 
Fiscal year 2011 compared with fiscal year 2010  Sales and marketing expenses increased primarily as a result of increased advertising and marketing of the Xbox 360 platform, Windows Phone, and Windows and Windows Live, a 5% increase in headcount-related
expenses, and increased fees paid to third party enterprise software advisors.  Fiscal year 2010 compared with fiscal year 2009 
Sales and marketing expenses increased, primarily reflecting increased advertising and marketing of Windows 7 and Bing and increased sales force
expenses related to Windows 7.  General and Administrative   
























(In millions, except percentages)
  
2011
 
 
2010
 
 
2009
 
 
PercentageChange 2011Versus 2010
 
 
PercentageChange 2010Versus 2009
 











 General and administrative
  
$
  4,222
  
 
$
  4,063
  
 
$
  4,030
  
 
 
4%
  
 
 
1%
  

 As a percent of revenue
  
 
6%
  
 
 
7%
  
 
 
7%
  
 
 
(1)ppt
  
 
 
0ppt
  
 General and administrative expenses include payroll,
employee benefits, stock-based compensation expense, severance expense, and other headcount-related expenses associated with finance, legal, facilities, certain human resources and other administrative personnel, certain taxes, and legal and other
administrative fees.  Fiscal year 2011 compared with fiscal year 2010  General and administrative expenses increased primarily due to a 12% increase in headcount-related expenses and new Puerto Rican excise taxes, partially offset by prior year transition expenses associated with the
inception of the Yahoo! Commercial Agreement.  Fiscal year 2010 compared with fiscal year 2009 
General and administrative expenses increased due to increased legal charges, as discussed above within Corporate-Level Activity, and transition
expenses associated with the inception of the Yahoo! Commercial Agreement. These increases were offset in part by a 6% reduction in headcount-related expenses and lower severance costs. During fiscal years 2010 and 2009, general and administrative
expenses included employee severance expense of $59 million and $330 million, respectively, associated with a resource management program that was announced in January 2009 and completed in fiscal year 2010. 
  32 


Table of Contents

 

PART II  Item 7 
 
 
OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE) AND INCOME TAXES 
Other Income (Expense)  The components of
other income (expense) were as follows:   
















(In millions)
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 









Year Ended June 30,
  
2011
 
 
2010
 
 
2009
 






 Dividends and interest income
  
$
    900
  
 
$
    843
  
 
$
    744
  

 Interest expense
  
 
(295
) 
 
 
(151
) 
 
 
(38
) 

 Net recognized gains (losses) on investments
  
 
439
  
 
 
348
  
 
 
(125
) 

 Net losses on derivatives
  
 
(77
) 
 
 
(140
) 
 
 
(558
) 

 Net gains (losses) on foreign currency remeasurements
  
 
(26
) 
 
 
1
  
 
 
(509
) 

 Other
  
 
(31
) 
 
 
14
  
 
 
(56
) 



 



 




 Total
  
$
910
  
 
$
915
  
 
$
(542
) 

 
  



 



 



 We use derivative instruments to manage risks related to foreign currencies, equity prices, interest rates, and
credit; to enhance investment returns; and to facilitate portfolio diversification. Gains and losses from changes in fair values of derivatives that are not designated as hedges are recognized in other income (expense). These are generally offset by
unrealized gains and losses in the underlying securities in the investment portfolio and are recorded as a component of other comprehensive income. 
Fiscal year 2011 compared with fiscal year 2010  Dividends and interest income increased due to higher average portfolio investment balances, offset in part by lower yields on our fixed-income investments. Interest expense increased due to our increased issuance
of debt. Net recognized gains on investments increased due primarily to higher gains on sales of equity securities, offset in part by fewer gains on sales of fixed-income securities. Derivative losses decreased due primarily to higher gains on
commodity derivatives offset in part by higher losses on currency contracts used to hedge foreign currency revenue.  Fiscal year 2010 compared with
fiscal year 2009  Dividends and interest income increased primarily due to higher average portfolio investment balances, offset in
part by lower yields on our fixed-income investments. Interest expense increased due to our issuance of long term debt in May 2009. Net recognized gains on investments increased primarily due to lower other-than-temporary impairments, offset in part
by lower gains on sales of investments in the current period. Other-than-temporary impairments were $69 million during fiscal year 2010, as compared with $862 million during fiscal year 2009 and decreased primarily due to improvements in market
conditions. Net losses on derivatives decreased due to gains on equity and interest rate derivatives as compared to losses in the prior period and lower losses on commodity and foreign currency contracts in the current period. Net gains from foreign
currency remeasurements were insignificant in fiscal year 2010 compared to net losses of $509 million in the prior year, which had resulted from the strengthening of the U.S. dollar in the prior year. For fiscal year 2010, other includes a gain on
the divestiture of Razorfish.  Income Taxes 
Fiscal year 2011 compared with fiscal year 2010  Our effective tax rates for fiscal years 2011 and 2010 were approximately 18% and 25%, respectively. Our effective tax rate was lower than the U.S. federal statutory rate and our prior year effective rate primarily
due to a higher mix of earnings taxed at lower rates in foreign jurisdictions resulting from producing and distributing our products and services through our foreign regional operations centers in Ireland, Singapore, and Puerto Rico, which are
subject to 
  33 


Table of Contents

 

PART II  Item 7 
 
 

lower income tax rates. In fiscal years 2011 and 2010, our U.S. income before income taxes was $8.9 billion and $9.6 billion, respectively, and comprised 32% and 38%, respectively, of our
income before income taxes. In fiscal years 2011 and 2010, the foreign income before income taxes was $19.2 billion and $15.4 billion, respectively, and comprised 68% and 62%, respectively, of our income before income taxes. In fiscal years
2011 and 2010, the reduction of the U.S. federal statutory rate as a result of foreign earnings taxed at lower rates was 16% and 12%, respectively.  In addition, our effective tax rate was lower than in the prior year due to a partial settlement with the I.R.S. in the third quarter of fiscal year 2011 relating to the audit of tax years 2004 to 2006. This
partial settlement reduced our income tax expense for fiscal year 2011 by $461 million.  Tax contingencies and other tax liabilities
were $7.4 billion and $6.9 billion as of June 30, 2011 and 2010, respectively, and are included in other long-term liabilities. We have not provided deferred U.S. income taxes or foreign withholding taxes on temporary differences of
approximately $44.8 billion resulting from earnings for certain non-U.S. subsidiaries because they are permanently reinvested outside the U.S. The unrecognized deferred tax liability associated with these temporary differences was approximately
$14.2 billion as of June 30, 2011.  While we settled a portion of the I.R.S. audit for tax years 2004 to 2006 during the third
quarter of fiscal year 2011, we remain under audit for these years. During the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2011, the I.R.S. completed its examination and issued a Revenue Agent’s Report (“RAR”) for the remaining unresolved items. We
do not agree with the adjustments in the RAR, and we have filed a protest to initiate the administrative appeals process. The proposed adjustments are primarily related to transfer pricing and could have a significant impact on our financial
statements if not resolved favorably; however, we believe our existing reserves are adequate. We do not believe it is reasonably possible that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits will significantly increase or decrease within the next 12
months, as we do not believe the appeals process will be concluded within the next 12 months. We also continue to be subject to examination by the I.R.S. for tax years 2007 to 2010.  Fiscal year 2010 compared with fiscal year 2009  Our effective tax rates in fiscal years 2010
and 2009 were approximately 25% and 27%, respectively. In fiscal years 2010 and 2009, the reduction to the U.S. federal statutory rate as a result of foreign earnings taxed at lower rates was 12% and 9%, respectively, reflecting the mix of U.S. and
international income before income taxes and the impact of changes in unrecognized tax benefits related to international income. In fiscal years 2010 and 2009, foreign income before income taxes was $15.4 billion and $14.3 billion, respectively.
 FINANCIAL CONDITION  Cash,
Cash Equivalents, and Investments  Cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments totaled $52.8 billion as of June 30,
2011, compared with $36.8 billion as of June 30, 2010. Equity and other investments were $10.9 billion as of June 30, 2011, compared with $7.8 billion as of June 30, 2010. Our short-term investments are primarily to facilitate
liquidity and for capital preservation. They consist predominantly of highly liquid investment-grade fixed-income securities, diversified among industries and individual issuers. The investments are predominantly U.S. dollar-denominated securities,
but also include foreign currency-denominated securities in order to diversify risk. Our fixed-income investments are exposed to interest rate risk and credit risk. The credit risk and average maturity of our fixed-income portfolio are managed to
achieve economic returns that correlate to certain fixed-income indices. The settlement risk related to these investments is insignificant given that the short-term investments held are primarily highly liquid investment-grade fixed-income
securities. While we own certain mortgage-backed and asset-backed fixed-income securities, our portfolio as of June 30, 2011 does not contain direct exposure to subprime mortgages or structured vehicles that derive their value from subprime
collateral. The majority of our mortgage-backed securities are collateralized by prime residential mortgages and carry a 100% principal and interest guarantee, primarily from Federal National Mortgage Association, Federal Home Loan Mortgage
Corporation, and Government National Mortgage Association. 
  34 


Table of Contents

 

PART II  Item 7 
 
 
Of the cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments at June 30, 2011, approximately $45
billion was held by our foreign subsidiaries and were subject to material repatriation tax effects. The amount of cash and investments held by foreign subsidiaries subject to other restrictions on the free flow of funds (primarily currency and other
local regulatory) was approximately $379 million. As of June 30, 2011, approximately 68% of the short-term investments held by our foreign subsidiaries were invested in U.S. government and agency securities, approximately 12% were invested in
corporate notes and bonds of U.S. companies, and 5% were invested in U.S. mortgage-backed securities, all of which are denominated in U.S. dollars. 
Securities lending  We lend certain
fixed-income and equity securities to increase investment returns. The loaned securities continue to be carried as investments on our balance sheet. Cash and/or security interests are received as collateral for the loaned securities with the amount
determined based upon the underlying security lent and the creditworthiness of the borrower. Cash received is recorded as an asset with a corresponding liability. Our securities lending payable balance was $1.2 billion as of June 30, 2011. Our
average and maximum securities lending payable balances for the fiscal year were $1.6 billion and $3.3 billion, respectively. Intra-year variances in the amount of securities loaned are mainly due to fluctuations in the demand for the securities.
 Valuation  In general, and
where applicable, we use quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities to determine the fair value of our financial instruments. This pricing methodology applies to our Level 1 investments, such as exchange-traded mutual
funds, domestic and international equities, and U.S. treasuries. If quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities are not available to determine fair value, then we use quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities or
inputs other than the quoted prices that are observable either directly or indirectly. This pricing methodology applies to our Level 2 investments such as corporate notes and bonds, foreign government bonds, mortgage-backed securities, and agency
securities. Level 3 investments are valued using internally developed models with unobservable inputs. Assets and liabilities measured using unobservable inputs are an immaterial portion of our portfolio. 
A majority of our investments are priced by pricing vendors and are generally Level 1 or Level 2 investments as these vendors either provide a
quoted market price in an active market or use observable inputs for their pricing without applying significant adjustments. Broker pricing is used mainly when a quoted price is not available, the investment is not priced by our pricing
vendors, or when a broker price is more reflective of fair values in the market in which the investment trades. Our broker-priced investments are generally labeled as Level 2 investments because the broker prices these investments based on similar
assets without applying significant adjustments. In addition, all of our broker-priced investments have a sufficient level of trading volume to demonstrate that the fair values used are appropriate for these investments. Our fair value
processes include controls that are designed to ensure appropriate fair values are recorded. These controls include model validation, review of key model inputs, analysis of period-over-period fluctuations, and independent recalculation of
prices where appropriate.  Cash Flows  Fiscal
year 2011 compared with fiscal year 2010  Cash flows from operations increased $2.9 billion during the current fiscal year to $27.0
billion due mainly to increased revenue and cash collections from customers. Cash used in financing decreased $4.9 billion to $8.4 billion due mainly to a $5.8 billion increase in proceeds from issuance of debt, net of repayments, offset in part by
a $602 million increase in cash paid for dividends. Cash used in investing increased $3.3 billion to $14.6 billion due to a $5.8 billion increase in purchases of investments, offset in part by a $2.5 billion increase in cash from securities lending.
 Fiscal year 2010 compared with fiscal year 2009  Cash flow from operations increased $5.0 billion, primarily due to payment of $4.1 billion to the Internal Revenue Service in the prior year as a result of our settlement of the 2000-2003 audit examination along
with increased cash received from customers in the current year. Cash used for financing increased $5.8 billion, primarily due to a $5.6 
  35 


Table of Contents

 

PART II  Item 7 
 
 

billion decrease in net cash proceeds from issuance and repayments of short-term and long-term debt. Financing activities also included a $1.9 billion increase in cash used for common stock
repurchases, which was offset in part by a $1.7 billion increase in cash received from common stock issued. Cash used for investing decreased $4.5 billion due to a $3.3 billion decrease in cash used for combined investment purchases, sales, and
maturities along with a $1.1 billion decrease in additions to property and equipment.  Debt 
Short-term debt  During fiscal year 2011,
we repaid $1.0 billion of commercial paper, leaving zero outstanding.  On November 5, 2010, our $1.0 billion 364-day credit
facility expired. This facility served as a back-up for our commercial paper program. No amounts were drawn against the credit facility during any of the periods presented.  Long-term debt  We issued debt during the periods presented to take advantage of favorable
pricing and liquidity in the debt markets, reflecting our superior credit rating and the low interest rate environment. The proceeds of these issuances were used to partially fund discretionary business acquisitions and share repurchases.
 As of June 30, 2011, the total carrying value and estimated fair value of our long-term debt, including convertible debt, were
$11.9 billion and $12.1 billion, respectively. This is compared to a carrying value and estimated fair value of $4.9 billion and $5.2 billion, respectively, as of June 30, 2010. The estimated fair value is based on quoted prices for our
publicly-traded debt as of June 30, 2011 and 2010, as applicable.  The components of long-term debt, the associated interest rates,
and the semi-annual interest record and payment dates were as follows as of June 30, 2011:   
































Due Date
  
Face Value
 
 
 StatedInterest Rate
 
 
 EffectiveInterest Rate
 
 
 Interest Record Date
 
 
 Interest Pay Date
 
 
 Interest Record Date
 
 
 Interest Pay Date
 













 
  
(In millions)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 










Notes
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 










 September 27, 2013
  
$
1,000
  
 
 
0.875%
  
 
 
1.000%
  
 
 
March 15
  
 
 
March 27
  
 
 
September 15
  
 
 
September 27
  

 June 1, 2014
  
 
2,000
  
 
 
2.950%
  
 
 
3.049%
  
 
 
May 15
  
 
 
June 1
  
 
 
November 15
  
 
 
December 1
  

 September 25, 2015
  
 
1,750
  
 
 
1.625%
  
 
 
1.795%
  
 
 
March 15
  
 
 
March 25
  
 
 
September 15
  
 
 
September 25
  

 February 8, 2016
  
 
750
  
 
 
2.500%
  
 
 
2.642%
  
 
 
February 1
  
 
 
February 8
  
 
 
August 1
  
 
 
August 8
  

 June 1, 2019
  
 
1,000
  
 
 
4.200%
  
 
 
4.379%
  
 
 
May 15
  
 
 
June 1
  
 
 
November 15
  
 
 
December 1
  

 October 1, 2020
  
 
1,000
  
 
 
3.000%
  
 
 
3.137%
  
 
 
March 15
  
 
 
April 1
  
 
 
September 15
  
 
 
October 1
  

 February 8, 2021
  
 
500
  
 
 
4.000%
  
 
 
4.082%
  
 
 
February 1
  
 
 
February 8
  
 
 
August 1
  
 
 
August 8
  

 June 1, 2039
  
 
750
  
 
 
5.200%
  
 
 
5.240%
  
 
 
May 15
  
 
 
June 1
  
 
 
November 15
  
 
 
December 1
  

 October 1, 2040
  
 
1,000
  
 
 
4.500%
  
 
 
4.567%
  
 
 
March 15
  
 
 
April 1
  
 
 
September 15
  
 
 
October 1
  

 February 8, 2041
  
 
1,000
  
 
 
5.300%
  
 
 
5.361%
  
 
 
February 1
  
 
 
February 8
  
 
 
August 1
  
 
 
August 8
  



 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 Total
  
 
10,750
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 










Convertible Debt
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 June 15, 2013
  
 
1,250
  
 
 
0.000%
  
 
 
1.849%
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 Total unamortized discount
  
 
(79
) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 Total
  
$
  11,921
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
  



 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Notes  The
Notes are senior unsecured obligations and rank equally with our other unsecured and unsubordinated debt outstanding. 
  36 


Table of Contents

 

PART II  Item 7 
 
 
Convertible Debt  In June 2010, we issued $1.25 billion of zero coupon convertible unsecured debt due on June 15, 2013 in a private placement offering. Proceeds from the offering were $1.24 billion, net of fees and expenses,
which were capitalized. Each $1,000 principal amount of notes is convertible into 29.94 shares of Microsoft common stock at a conversion price of $33.40 per share. As of June 30, 2011, the net carrying amount of our convertible debt was $1.2
billion and the unamortized discount was $38 million.  Prior to March 15, 2013, the notes will be convertible, only in certain
circumstances, into cash and, if applicable, cash, shares of Microsoft’s common stock, or a combination thereof, at our election. On or after March 15, 2013, the notes will be convertible at any time. Upon conversion, we will pay cash up
to the aggregate principal amount of the notes and pay or deliver cash, shares of our common stock, or a combination of cash and shares of our common stock, at our election.  Because the convertible debt may be wholly or partially settled in cash, we are required to separately account for the liability and equity components of the notes in a manner that reflects our nonconvertible debt
borrowing rate when interest costs are recognized in subsequent periods. The net proceeds of $1.24 billion were allocated between debt for $1.18 billion and stockholders’ equity for $58 million with the portion in stockholders’ equity
representing the fair value of the option to convert the debt.  In connection with the issuance of the notes, we entered into capped
call transactions with certain option counterparties who are initial purchasers of the notes or their affiliates. The capped call transactions are expected to reduce potential dilution of earnings per share upon conversion of the notes. Under the
capped call transactions, we purchased from the option counterparties capped call options that in the aggregate relate to the total number of shares of our common stock underlying the notes, with a strike price equal to the conversion price of the
notes and with a cap price equal to $37.16. The purchased capped calls were valued at $40 million and recorded to stockholders’ equity. 
Unearned Revenue  Unearned revenue at
June 30, 2011 comprised mainly unearned revenue from volume licensing programs. Unearned revenue from volume licensing programs represents customer billings for multi-year licensing arrangements paid for either at inception of the agreement or
annually at the beginning of each billing coverage period and accounted for as subscriptions with revenue recognized ratably over the billing coverage period. Unearned revenue at June 30, 2011 also included payments for: post-delivery support
and consulting services to be performed in the future; Xbox LIVE subscriptions and prepaid points; Microsoft Dynamics business solutions products; OEM minimum commitments; unspecified upgrades/enhancements of Windows Phone and Microsoft Internet
Explorer on a when-and-if-available basis for Windows XP; and other offerings for which we have been paid in advance and earn the revenue when we provide the service or software, or otherwise meet the revenue recognition criteria. 
The following table outlines the expected future recognition of unearned revenue as of June 30, 2011: 
 








(In millions)
  
 
 







Three Months Ending,
  
 
 




 September 30, 2011
  
$
5,979
  

 December 31, 2011
  
 
4,914
  

 March 31, 2012
  
 
3,207
  

 June 30, 2012
  
 
1,622
  

 Thereafter
  
 
1,398
  




 Total
  
$
  17,120
  

 
  




  37 


Table of Contents

 

PART II  Item 7 
 
 
Share Repurchases  On September 22, 2008, we announced the completion of the two repurchase programs approved by our Board of Directors during the first quarter of fiscal year 2007 (the “2007 Programs”) to buy back up
to $40.0 billion of Microsoft common stock. On September 22, 2008, we also announced that our Board of Directors approved a new share repurchase program authorizing up to $40.0 billion in share repurchases with an expiration date of
September 30, 2013 (the “2008 Program”). As of June 30, 2011, approximately $12.2 billion remained of the $40.0 billion approved repurchase amount. The repurchase program may be suspended or discontinued at any time without
notice.  During the periods reported, we repurchased with cash resources: 447 million shares for $11.5 billion during fiscal year
2011; 380 million shares for $10.8 billion during fiscal year 2010; and 318 million shares for $8.2 billion during fiscal year 2009. All shares repurchased in fiscal years 2011 and 2010 were repurchased under the 2008 Program. Of the
shares repurchased in fiscal year 2009, 101 million shares were repurchased for $2.7 billion under the 2007 Programs, while the remainder was repurchased under the 2008 Program.  Dividends  During fiscal years 2011 and 2010, our Board of Directors declared the following
dividends:   




















Declaration Date
  
 Dividend Per Share
 
 
Record Date
 
 
Total Amount
 
 
Payment Date
 




 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
(In millions)
 
 
 
 







Fiscal Year 2011
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 







 September 21, 2010
  
$
  0.16
  
 
 
November 18, 2010
  
 
$
  1,363
  
 
 
December 9, 2010
  

 December 15, 2010
  
$
0.16
  
 
 
February 17, 2011
  
 
$
1,349
  
 
 
March 10, 2011
  

 March 14, 2011
  
$
0.16
  
 
 
May 19, 2011
  
 
$
1,350
  
 
 
June 9, 2011
  

 June 15, 2011
  
$
0.16
  
 
 
August 18, 2011
  
 
$
1,340
  
 
 
September 8, 2011
  







Fiscal Year 2010
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 







 September 18, 2009
  
$
0.13
  
 
 
November 19, 2009
  
 
$
1,152
  
 
 
December 10, 2009
  

 December 9, 2009
  
$
0.13
  
 
 
February 18, 2010
  
 
$
1,139
  
 
 
March 11, 2010
  

 March 8, 2010
  
$
0.13
  
 
 
May 20, 2010
  
 
$
1,130
  
 
 
June 10, 2010
  

 June 16, 2010
  
$
0.13
  
 
 
August 19, 2010
  
 
$
1,118
  
 
 
September 9, 2010
  
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
We provide indemnifications of varying scope and size to certain customers against claims of intellectual property infringement made by third
parties arising from the use of our products and certain other matters. In evaluating estimated losses on these indemnifications, we consider factors such as the degree of probability of an unfavorable outcome and our ability to make a reasonable
estimate of the amount of loss. To date, we have not encountered significant costs as a result of these obligations and have not accrued in our financial statements any liabilities related to these indemnifications. 
  38 


Table of Contents

 

PART II  Item 7 
 
 
Contractual Obligations  The following table summarizes the payments due by fiscal year for our outstanding contractual obligations as of June 30, 2011.   
























(In millions)
  
2012
 
 
2013-2015
 
 
2016-2018
 
 
2019 andThereafter
 
 
Total
 











 Long-term
debt: (a)
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 Principal payments
  
$
0
  
 
$
  4,250
  
 
$
  2,500
  
 
$
  5,250
  
 
$
  12,000
  

 Interest payments
  
 
344
  
 
 
959
  
 
 
720
  
 
 
3,228
  
 
 
5,251
  

 Construction commitments (b)
  
 
263
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
263
  

 Operating
leases (c)
  
 
481
  
 
 
964
  
 
 
380
  
 
 
127
  
 
 
1,952
  

 Purchase commitments (d)
  
 
5,580
  
 
 
355
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
5,935
  

 Other long-term liabilities (e)
  
 
0
  
 
 
92
  
 
 
22
  
 
 
22
  
 
 
136
  



 



 



 



 




 Total contractual obligations
  
$
  6,668
  
 
$
6,620
  
 
$
3,622
  
 
$
8,627
  
 
$
25,537
  

 
  



 



 



 



 



  


(a)
 See Note 12 – Debt of the Notes to Financial Statements (Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K)  


(b)
 These amounts represent commitments for the construction of buildings, building improvements and leasehold improvements.  


(c)
 These amounts represent undiscounted future minimum rental commitments under noncancellable facilities leases.  


(d)
 These amounts represent purchase commitments, including all open purchase orders and all contracts that are take-or-pay contracts that are not presented as
construction commitments above.  


(e)
 We have excluded long-term tax contingencies, other tax liabilities, and deferred income taxes of $8.8 billion and other long-term contingent liabilities
of $276 million (related to the antitrust and unfair competition class action lawsuits) from the amounts presented, as the amounts that will be settled in cash are not known and the timing of any payments is uncertain. We have also excluded unearned
revenue of $1.4 billion and non-cash items of $279 million.   Other Planned Uses of Capital 
We will continue to invest in sales, marketing, product support infrastructure, and existing and advanced areas of technology. Additions to
property and equipment will continue, including new facilities, data centers, and computer systems for research and development, sales and marketing, support, and administrative staff. We have operating leases for most U.S. and international sales
and support offices and certain equipment. We have not engaged in any related party transactions or arrangements with unconsolidated entities or other persons that are reasonably likely to materially affect liquidity or the availability of capital
resources.  Definitive Agreement with Skype  On May 10, 2011, we announced that we had entered into a definitive agreement with Skype Global S.à.r.l. (“Skype”) under which we would acquire Skype, a leading internet communications
company, for $8.5 billion in cash. We anticipate the acquisition will extend Skype’s brand and reach of its network platform, while enhancing our existing portfolio of real-time communications products and services. The acquisition is subject
to regulatory approvals and other customary closing conditions. We obtained regulatory approval in the U.S. and expect to obtain all remaining required regulatory approvals during calendar year 2011. 
Liquidity  We earn a significant amount of
our operating income outside the U.S., which is deemed to be permanently reinvested in foreign jurisdictions. As a result, as discussed above under Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Investments, the majority of our cash, cash equivalents, and short-term
investments are held by foreign subsidiaries. We currently do not intend nor foresee a need to repatriate these funds. We expect existing domestic cash, cash equivalents, 
  39 


Table of Contents

 

PART II  Item 7 
 
 

short-term investments, and cash flows from operations to continue to be sufficient to fund our domestic operating activities and cash commitments for investing and financing activities, such as
regular quarterly dividends, debt repayment schedules, and material capital expenditures, for at least the next 12 months and thereafter for the foreseeable future. In addition, we expect existing foreign cash, cash equivalents, short-term
investments, and cash flows from operations to continue to be sufficient to fund our foreign operating activities and cash commitments for investing activities, such as material capital expenditures, for at least the next 12 months and thereafter
for the foreseeable future.  Should we require more capital in the U.S. than is generated by our operations domestically, for example to
fund significant discretionary activities, such as acquisitions of businesses and share repurchases, we could elect to repatriate future earnings from foreign jurisdictions or raise capital in the U.S. through debt or equity issuances. These
alternatives could result in higher effective tax rates, increased interest expense, or other dilution of our earnings. We have borrowed funds domestically and continue to have the ability to borrow funds domestically at reasonable interest rates.
 As a result of the special dividend paid in the second quarter of fiscal year 2005 and shares repurchased, our retained deficit,
including accumulated other comprehensive income, was $6.3 billion at June 30, 2011. Our retained deficit is not expected to affect our future ability to operate, pay dividends, or repay our debt given our continuing profitability and strong
financial position.  RECENTLY ISSUED ACCOUNTING STANDARDS  Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements  On July 1, 2010, we adopted guidance issued
by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) on revenue recognition. Under the new guidance on arrangements that include software elements, tangible products that have software components that are essential to the functionality of
the tangible product are no longer within the scope of the software revenue recognition guidance, and software-enabled products are now subject to other relevant revenue recognition guidance. Additionally, the FASB issued guidance on revenue
arrangements with multiple deliverables that are outside the scope of the software revenue recognition guidance. Under the new guidance, when vendor specific objective evidence or third party evidence for deliverables in an arrangement cannot be
determined, a best estimate of the selling price is required to separate deliverables and allocate arrangement consideration using the relative selling price method. The new guidance includes new disclosure requirements on how the application of the
relative selling price method affects the timing and amount of revenue recognition. Adoption of the new guidance did not have a material impact on our financial statements.  On July 1, 2010, we adopted new guidance issued by the FASB on the consolidation of variable interest entities. The new guidance requires revised evaluations of whether entities represent variable interest
entities, ongoing assessments of control over such entities, and additional disclosures for variable interests. Adoption of the new guidance did not have a material impact on our financial statements. 
Recent Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted  In June 2011, the FASB issued guidance on presentation of comprehensive income. The new guidance eliminates the current option to report other comprehensive income and its components in the statement of
changes in equity. Instead, an entity will be required to present either a continuous statement of net income and other comprehensive income or in two separate but consecutive statements. The new guidance will be effective for us beginning
July 1, 2012 and will have presentation changes only. In May 2011, the FASB issued guidance to amend the accounting and disclosure
requirements on fair value measurements. The new guidance limits the highest-and-best-use measure to nonfinancial assets, permits certain financial assets and liabilities with offsetting positions in market or counterparty credit risks to be
measured at a net basis, and provides guidance on the applicability of premiums and discounts. Additionally, the new guidance 
  40 


Table of Contents

 

PART II  Item 7 
 
 

expands the disclosures on Level 3 inputs by requiring quantitative disclosure of the unobservable inputs and assumptions, as well as description of the valuation processes and the sensitivity of
the fair value to changes in unobservable inputs. The new guidance will be effective for us beginning January 1, 2012. Other than requiring additional disclosures, we do not anticipate material impacts on our financial statements upon
adoption. In January 2010, the FASB issued guidance to amend the disclosure requirements related to fair value measurements. The
guidance requires the disclosure of roll forward activities on purchases, sales, issuance, and settlements of the assets and liabilities measured using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3 fair value measurements). The guidance will become
effective for us with the reporting period beginning July 1, 2011. Other than requiring additional disclosures, the adoption of this new guidance will not have a material impact on our financial statements. 
APPLICATION OF CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES  Our financial statements and accompanying notes are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (“U.S. GAAP”). Preparing financial statements requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, and expenses. These estimates and assumptions are affected by management’s application of accounting policies. Critical accounting
policies for us include revenue recognition, impairment of investment securities, goodwill, research and development costs, contingencies, income taxes, and stock-based compensation.  Revenue Recognition  Software revenue recognition requires judgment, including whether a
software arrangement includes multiple elements, and if so, whether vendor-specific objective evidence (“VSOE”) of fair value exists for those elements. A portion of revenue may be recorded as unearned due to undelivered elements. Changes
to the elements in a software arrangement, the ability to identify VSOE for those elements, and the fair value of the respective elements could materially impact the amount of earned and unearned revenue. Judgment is also required to assess whether
future releases of certain software represent new products or upgrades and enhancements to existing products.  Impairment of Investment Securities
 Investments are reviewed quarterly for indicators of other-than-temporary impairment. This determination requires significant
judgment. In making this judgment, we employ a systematic methodology quarterly that considers available quantitative and qualitative evidence in evaluating potential impairment of our investments. If the cost of an investment exceeds its fair
value, we evaluate, among other factors, general market conditions, credit quality of debt instrument issuers, the duration and extent to which the fair value is less than cost, and for equity securities, our intent and ability to hold, or plans to
sell, the investment. For fixed-income securities, we also evaluate whether we have plans to sell the security or it is more likely than not that we will be required to sell the security before recovery. We also consider specific adverse conditions
related to the financial health of and business outlook for the investee, including industry and sector performance, changes in technology, and operational and financing cash flow factors. Once a decline in fair value is determined to be
other-than-temporary, an impairment charge is recorded to other income (expense) and a new cost basis in the investment is established. If market, industry, and/or investee conditions deteriorate, we may incur future impairments. 
Goodwill  We allocate goodwill to reporting
units based on the reporting unit expected to benefit from the business combination. We evaluate our reporting units on an annual basis and, if necessary, reassign goodwill using a relative fair value allocation approach. Goodwill is tested for
impairment at the reporting unit level (operating segment or one level below an operating segment) on an annual basis (May 1 for us) and between annual tests if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair
value of a reporting unit below its carrying value. These events or circumstances could include a significant change in the business climate, legal factors, operating performance indicators, competition, or sale or disposition of a significant
portion of a reporting unit. 
  41 


Table of Contents

 

PART II  Item 7 
 
 
Application of the goodwill impairment test requires judgment, including the identification of
reporting units, assignment of assets and liabilities to reporting units, assignment of goodwill to reporting units, and determination of the fair value of each reporting unit. The fair value of each reporting unit is estimated using a discounted
cash flow methodology. This analysis requires significant judgments, including estimation of future cash flows, which is dependent on internal forecasts, estimation of the long-term rate of growth for our business, estimation of the useful life over
which cash flows will occur, and determination of our weighted average cost of capital. Among our reporting units, the fair value of OSD has been the closest to its carrying value. The carrying value of OSD’s goodwill was $6.4 billion as of
June 30, 2011.  The estimates used to calculate the fair value of a reporting unit change from year to year based on operating
results and market conditions. Changes in these estimates and assumptions could materially affect the determination of fair value and goodwill impairment for each reporting unit.  Research and Development Costs  Costs incurred internally in researching and developing a
computer software product are charged to expense until technological feasibility has been established for the product. Once technological feasibility is established, all software costs are capitalized until the product is available for general
release to customers. Judgment is required in determining when technological feasibility of a product is established. We have determined that technological feasibility for our software products is reached after all high-risk development issues have
been resolved through coding and testing. Generally, this occurs shortly before the products are released to manufacturing. The amortization of these costs is included in cost of revenue over the estimated life of the products. 
Legal and Other Contingencies  The outcomes
of legal proceedings and claims brought against us are subject to significant uncertainty. An estimated loss from a loss contingency such as a legal proceeding or claim is accrued by a charge to income if it is probable that an asset has been
impaired or a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. Disclosure of a contingency is required if there is at least a reasonable possibility that a loss has been incurred. In determining whether a loss
should be accrued we evaluate, among other factors, the degree of probability of an unfavorable outcome and the ability to make a reasonable estimate of the amount of loss. Changes in these factors could materially impact our financial statements.
 Income Taxes  The objectives of
accounting for income taxes are to recognize the amount of taxes payable or refundable for the current year and deferred tax liabilities and assets for the future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in an entity’s financial
statements or tax returns. We recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the
position. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position should be measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. Accounting literature also
provides guidance on derecognition of income tax assets and liabilities, classification of current and deferred income tax assets and liabilities, accounting for interest and penalties associated with tax positions, and income tax disclosures.
Judgment is required in assessing the future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in our financial statements or tax returns. Variations in the actual outcome of these future tax consequences could materially impact our financial
statements.  Stock-Based Compensation  Stock-based compensation cost is measured at the grant date based on the fair value of the award and is recognized as expense over the requisite service period. Determining the fair value of stock-based awards at
the grant date requires judgment, including estimating expected dividends. In addition, judgment is also required in estimating the amount of stock-based awards that are expected to be forfeited. If actual results differ significantly from these
estimates, stock-based compensation expense and our results of operations could be impacted. 
  42 


Table of Contents

 

PART II  Item 7 
 
 
STATEMENT OF MANAGEMENT’S RESPONSIBILITY FOR FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
Management is responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements and related information that are presented in this report.
The consolidated financial statements, which include amounts based on management’s estimates and judgments, have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
The Company designs and maintains accounting and internal control systems to provide reasonable assurance at reasonable cost that assets are
safeguarded against loss from unauthorized use or disposition, and that the financial records are reliable for preparing financial statements and maintaining accountability for assets. These systems are augmented by written policies, an
organizational structure providing division of responsibilities, careful selection and training of qualified personnel, and a program of internal audits.  The Company engaged Deloitte & Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, to audit and render an opinion on the consolidated financial statements and internal control over financial
reporting in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States).  The Board of Directors,
through its Audit Committee, consisting solely of independent directors of the Company, meets periodically with management, internal auditors, and our independent registered public accounting firm to ensure that each is meeting its responsibilities
and to discuss matters concerning internal controls and financial reporting. Deloitte & Touche LLP and the internal auditors each have full and free access to the Audit Committee. 
 






Steven A. Ballmer

Chief Executive Officer



Peter S. Klein

Chief Financial Officer



Frank H. Brod

Corporate Vice President, Finance and Administration;Chief Accounting Officer

  43 


Table of Contents

 

PART II  Item 7A 
 
 
ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT
MARKET RISK  RISKS  We are exposed to economic risk from foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates, credit risk, equity prices, and commodity prices. A portion of these risks is hedged, but they may impact our financial
statements.  Foreign Currency 
Certain forecasted transactions, assets, and liabilities are exposed to foreign currency risk. We monitor our foreign currency exposures daily and
use hedges where practicable to offset the risks and maximize the economic effectiveness of our foreign currency positions. Principal currencies hedged include the euro, Japanese yen, British pound, and Canadian dollar. 
Interest Rate  Our fixed-income portfolio
is diversified across credit sectors and maturities, consisting primarily of investment-grade securities. The credit risk and average maturity of the fixed-income portfolio is managed to achieve economic returns that correlate to certain global and
domestic fixed-income indices. In addition, we use “To Be Announced” forward purchase commitments of mortgage-backed assets to gain exposure to agency and mortgage-backed securities. 
Equity  Our equity portfolio consists of
global, developed, and emerging market securities that are subject to market price risk. We manage the securities relative to certain global and domestic indices and expect their economic risk and return to correlate with these indices.
 Commodity  We use broad-based
commodity exposures to enhance portfolio returns and facilitate portfolio diversification. Our investment portfolio has exposure to a variety of commodities, including precious metals, energy, and grain. We manage these exposures relative to global
commodity indices and expect their economic risk and return to correlate with these indices.  VALUE-AT-RISK 
We use a value-at-risk (“VaR”) model to estimate and quantify our market risks. VaR is the expected loss, for a given confidence level,
in the fair value of our portfolio due to adverse market movements over a defined time horizon. The VaR model is not intended to represent actual losses in fair value, including determinations of other-than-temporary losses in fair value in
accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (“U.S. GAAP”), but is used as a risk estimation and management tool. The distribution of the potential changes in total market value of all holdings is computed
based on the historical volatilities and correlations among foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates, equity prices, and commodity prices, assuming normal market conditions. 
The VaR is calculated as the total loss that will not be exceeded at the 97.5 percentile confidence level or, alternatively stated, the losses
could exceed the VaR in 25 out of 1,000 cases. Several risk factors are not captured in the model, including liquidity risk, operational risk, and legal risk. 
  44 


Table of Contents

 

PART II  Item 7A 
 
 
The following table sets forth the one-day VaR for substantially all of our positions as of
June 30, 2011 and 2010 and for the year ended June 30, 2011:   
























(In millions)
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 









 
  
June 30,2011
 
 
June 30,2010
 
 
 Year Ended June 30,
2011
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 




Risk Categories
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Average
 
 
High
 
 
Low
 








 Foreign currency
  
$
86
  
 
$
57
  
 
$
67
  
 
$
121
  
 
$
40
  

 Interest rate
  
$
58
  
 
$
58
  
 
$
56
  
 
$
65
  
 
$
50
  

 Equity
  
$
  212
  
 
$
  183
  
 
$
  211
  
 
$
  230
  
 
$
  184
  

 Commodity
  
$
28
  
 
$
19
  
 
$
22
  
 
$
30
  
 
$
18
  
 Total one-day VaR for the combined risk categories was $290
million at June 30, 2011 and $235 million at June 30, 2010. The total VaR is 25% less at June 30, 2011, and 26% less at June 30, 2010, than the sum of the separate risk categories in the above table due to the diversification
benefit of the combination of risks. 
  45 


Table of Contents

 

PART II  Item 8 
 
 
ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA
 INCOME STATEMENTS   
















(In millions, except per share amounts)
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 









Year Ended June 30,
  
2011
 
 
2010
 
 
2009
 






 Revenue
  
$
  69,943
  
 
$
  62,484
  
 
$
  58,437
  

 Operating expenses:
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 Cost of revenue
  
 
15,577
  
 
 
12,395
  
 
 
12,155
  

 Research and development
  
 
9,043
  
 
 
8,714
  
 
 
9,010
  

 Sales and marketing
  
 
13,940
  
 
 
13,214
  
 
 
12,879
  

 General and administrative
  
 
4,222
  
 
 
4,063
  
 
 
4,030
  



 



 




 Total operating expenses
  
 
42,782
  
 
 
38,386
  
 
 
38,074
  



 



 




 Operating income
  
 
27,161
  
 
 
24,098
  
 
 
20,363
  

 Other income (expense)
  
 
910
  
 
 
915
  
 
 
(542
) 



 



 




 Income before income taxes
  
 
28,071
  
 
 
25,013
  
 
 
19,821
  

 Provision for income taxes
  
 
4,921
  
 
 
6,253
  
 
 
5,252
  



 



 




 Net income
  
$
23,150
  
 
$
18,760
  
 
$
14,569
  

 
  



 



 









 Earnings per share:
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 Basic
  
$
2.73
  
 
$
2.13
  
 
$
1.63
  

 Diluted
  
$
2.69
  
 
$
2.10
  
 
$
1.62
  






 Weighted average shares outstanding:
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 Basic
  
 
8,490
  
 
 
8,813
  
 
 
8,945
  

 Diluted
  
 
8,593
  
 
 
8,927
  
 
 
8,996
  






 Cash dividends declared per common share
  
$
0.64
  
 
$
0.52
  
 
$
0.52
  
 See accompanying notes. 
  46 


Table of Contents

 

PART II  Item 8 
 
 
BALANCE SHEETS 
 












(In millions)
  
 
 
 
 
 








June 30,
  
2011
 
 
2010
 





 Assets
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 Current assets:
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 Cash and cash equivalents
  
$
     9,610
  
 
$
5,505
  

 Short-term investments (including securities loaned of $1,181 and $62)
  
 
43,162
  
 
 
31,283
  



 




 Total cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments
  
 
52,772
  
 
 
36,788
  

 Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of $333 and $375
  
 
14,987
  
 
 
13,014
  

 Inventories
  
 
1,372
  
 
 
740
  

 Deferred income taxes
  
 
2,467
  
 
 
2,184
  

 Other
  
 
3,320
  
 
 
2,950
  



 




 Total current assets
  
 
74,918
  
 
 
55,676
  

 Property and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation of $9,829 and $8,629
  
 
8,162
  
 
 
7,630
  

 Equity and other investments
  
 
10,865
  
 
 
7,754
  

 Goodwill
  
 
12,581
  
 
 
12,394
  

 Intangible assets, net
  
 
744
  
 
 
1,158
  

 Other long-term assets
  
 
1,434
  
 
 
1,501
  



 




 Total assets
  
$
108,704
  
 
$
   86,113
  

 
  



 




 Liabilities and stockholders’ equity
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 Current liabilities:
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 Accounts payable
  
$
4,197
  
 
$
4,025
  

 Short-term debt
  
 
0
  
 
 
1,000
  

 Accrued compensation
  
 
3,575
  
 
 
3,283
  

 Income taxes
  
 
580
  
 
 
1,074
  

 Short-term unearned revenue
  
 
15,722
  
 
 
13,652
  

 Securities lending payable
  
 
1,208
  
 
 
182
  

 Other
  
 
3,492
  
 
 
2,931
  



 




 Total current liabilities
  
 
28,774
  
 
 
26,147
  

 Long-term debt
  
 
11,921
  
 
 
4,939
  

 Long-term unearned revenue
  
 
1,398
  
 
 
1,178
  

 Deferred income taxes
  
 
1,456
  
 
 
229
  

 Other long-term liabilities
  
 
8,072
  
 
 
7,445
  



 




 Total liabilities
  
 
51,621
  
 
 
39,938
  



 




 Commitments and contingencies
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 Stockholders’ equity:
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 Common stock and paid-in capital – shares authorized 24,000; outstanding 8,376 and 8,668
  
 
63,415
  
 
 
62,856
  

 Retained deficit, including accumulated other comprehensive income of $1,863 and $1,055
  
 
(6,332
) 
 
 
(16,681
) 



 




 Total stockholders’ equity
  
 
57,083
  
 
 
46,175
  



 




 Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity
  
$
108,704
  
 
$
86,113
  

 
  



 



 See accompanying notes. 
  47 


Table of Contents

 

PART II  Item 8 
 
 
CASH FLOWS STATEMENTS 
 
















(In millions)
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 









Year Ended June 30,
  
2011
 
 
2010
 
 
2009
 






 Operations
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 Net income
  
$
   23,150
  
 
$
   18,760
  
 
$
   14,569
  

 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash from operations:
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 Depreciation, amortization, and other
  
 
2,766
  
 
 
2,673
  
 
 
2,562
  

 Stock-based compensation expense
  
 
2,166
  
 
 
1,891
  
 
 
1,708
  

 Net recognized losses (gains) on investments and derivatives
  
 
(362
) 
 
 
(208
) 
 
 
683
  

 Excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation
  
 
(17
) 
 
 
(45
) 
 
 
(52
) 

 Deferred income taxes
  
 
2
  
 
 
(220
) 
 
 
762
  

 Deferral of unearned revenue
  
 
31,227
  
 
 
29,374
  
 
 
24,409
  

 Recognition of unearned revenue
  
 
(28,935
) 
 
 
(28,813
) 
 
 
(25,426
) 

 Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 Accounts receivable
  
 
(1,451
) 
 
 
(2,238
) 
 
 
2,215
  

 Inventories
  
 
(561
) 
 
 
(44
) 
 
 
255
  

 Other current assets
  
 
(1,259
) 
 
 
464
  
 
 
(677
) 

 Other long-term assets
  
 
62
  
 
 
(223
) 
 
 
(273
) 

 Accounts payable
  
 
58
  
 
 
844
  
 
 
(671
) 

 Other current liabilities
  
 
(1,146
) 
 
 
451
  
 
 
(2,700
) 

 Other long-term liabilities
  
 
1,294
  
 
 
1,407
  
 
 
1,673
  



 



 




 Net cash from operations
  
 
26,994
  
 
 
24,073
  
 
 
19,037
  



 



 




 Financing
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 Short-term debt borrowings (repayments), maturities of 90 days or less, net
  
 
(186
) 
 
 
(991
) 
 
 
1,178
  

 Proceeds from issuance of debt, maturities longer than 90 days
  
 
6,960
  
 
 
4,167
  
 
 
4,796
  

 Repayments of debt, maturities longer than 90 days
  
 
(814
) 
 
 
(2,986
) 
 
 
(228
) 

 Common stock issued
  
 
2,422
  
 
 
2,311
  
 
 
579
  

 Common stock repurchased
  
 
(11,555
) 
 
 
(11,269
) 
 
 
(9,353
) 

 Common stock cash dividends paid
  
 
(5,180
) 
 
 
(4,578
) 
 
 
(4,468
) 

 Excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation
  
 
17
  
 
 
45
  
 
 
52
  

 Other
  
 
(40
) 
 
 
10
  
 
 
(19
) 



 



 




 Net cash used in financing
  
 
(8,376
) 
 
 
(13,291
) 
 
 
(7,463
) 



 



 




 Investing
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 Additions to property and equipment
  
 
(2,355
) 
 
 
(1,977
) 
 
 
(3,119
) 

 Acquisition of companies, net of cash acquired
  
 
(71
) 
 
 
(245
) 
 
 
(868
) 

 Purchases of investments
  
 
(35,993
) 
 
 
(30,168
) 
 
 
(36,850
) 

 Maturities of investments
  
 
6,897
  
 
 
7,453
  
 
 
6,191
  

 Sales of investments
  
 
15,880
  
 
 
15,125
  
 
 
19,806
  

 Securities lending payable
  
 
1,026
  
 
 
(1,502
) 
 
 
(930
) 



 



 




 Net cash used in investing
  
 
(14,616
) 
 
 
(11,314
) 
 
 
(15,770
) 



 



 




 Effect of exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents
  
 
103
  
 
 
(39
) 
 
 
(67
) 



 



 




 Net change in cash and cash equivalents
  
 
4,105
  
 
 
(571
) 
 
 
(4,263
) 

 Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period
  
 
5,505
  
 
 
6,076
  
 
 
10,339
  



 



 




 Cash and cash equivalents, end of period
  
$
9,610
  
 
$
5,505
  
 
$
6,076
  

 
  



 



 



 See accompanying notes. 
  48 


Table of Contents

 

PART II  Item 8 
 
 
STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY STATEMENTS 
 
















(In millions)
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 









Year Ended June 30,
  
2011
 
 
2010
 
 
2009
 






 Common stock and paid-in capital
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 Balance, beginning of period
  
$
   62,856
  
 
$
   62,382
  
 
$
   62,849
  

 Common stock issued
  
 
2,422
  
 
 
2,311
  
 
 
567
  

 Common stock repurchased
  
 
(3,738
) 
 
 
(3,113
) 
 
 
(2,611
) 

 Stock-based compensation expense
  
 
2,166
  
 
 
1,891
  
 
 
1,708
  

 Stock-based compensation income tax deficiencies
  
 
(292
) 
 
 
(647
) 
 
 
(128
) 

 Other, net
  
 
1
  
 
 
32
  
 
 
(3
) 



 



 




 Balance, end of period
  
 
63,415
  
 
 
62,856
  
 
 
62,382
  



 



 




 Retained deficit
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 Balance, beginning of period
  
 
(16,681
) 
 
 
(22,824
) 
 
 
(26,563
) 

 Net income
  
 
23,150
  
 
 
18,760
  
 
 
14,569
  

 Other comprehensive income:
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 Net unrealized gains (losses) on derivatives
  
 
(627
) 
 
 
27
  
 
 
302
  

 Net unrealized gains (losses) on investments
  
 
1,054
  
 
 
265
  
 
 
(233
) 

 Translation adjustments and other
  
 
381
  
 
 
(206
) 
 
 
(240
) 



 



 




 Comprehensive income
  
 
23,958
  
 
 
18,846
  
 
 
14,398
  

 Common stock cash dividends
  
 
(5,394
) 
 
 
(4,547
) 
 
 
(4,620
) 

 Common stock repurchased
  
 
(8,215
) 
 
 
(8,156
) 
 
 
(6,039
) 



 



 




 Balance, end of period
  
 
(6,332
) 
 
 
(16,681
) 
 
 
(22,824
) 



 



 




 Total stockholders’ equity
  
$
57,083
  
 
$
46,175
  
 
$
39,558
  

 
  



 



 



 See accompanying notes. 
  49 


Table of Contents

 

PART II  Item 8 
 
 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
NOTE 1 — ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
Accounting Principles  The financial
statements and accompanying notes are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“U.S. GAAP”).  Principles of Consolidation  The financial statements include the accounts of Microsoft
Corporation and its subsidiaries. Intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated. Equity investments through which we exercise significant influence over but do not control the investee and are not the primary beneficiary of the
investee’s activities are accounted for using the equity method. Investments through which we are not able to exercise significant influence over the investee and which do not have readily determinable fair values are accounted for under the
cost method.  Estimates and Assumptions  Preparing financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, and expenses. Examples include: estimates of loss
contingencies, product warranties, product life cycles, product returns, and stock-based compensation forfeiture rates; assumptions such as the elements comprising a software arrangement, including the distinction between upgrades/enhancements and
new products; when technological feasibility is achieved for our products; the potential outcome of future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in our financial statements or tax returns; estimating the fair value and/or goodwill
impairment for our reporting units; and determining when investment impairments are other-than-temporary. Actual results and outcomes may differ from management’s estimates and assumptions. 
Foreign Currencies  Assets and liabilities
recorded in foreign currencies are translated at the exchange rate on the balance sheet date. Revenue and expenses are translated at average rates of exchange prevailing during the year. Translation adjustments resulting from this process are
recorded to Other Comprehensive Income (“OCI”).  Revenue Recognition 
Revenue is recognized when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred, the fee is fixed or determinable, and
collectibility is probable. Revenue generally is recognized net of any taxes collected from customers and subsequently remitted to governmental authorities.  Revenue for retail packaged products, products licensed to original equipment manufacturers (“OEMs”), and perpetual licenses under certain volume licensing programs generally is recognized as products are
shipped or made available. Revenue for products under technology guarantee programs, which provide free or significantly discounted rights to use upcoming new versions of a software product if an end user licenses existing versions of the product
during the eligibility period, is allocated between existing product and the new product, and revenue allocated to the new product is deferred until that version is delivered. The revenue allocation is based on vendor-specific objective evidence of
fair value of the products.  Certain multi-year licensing arrangements include a perpetual license for current products combined with
rights to receive future versions of software products on a when-and-if-available basis (“Software Assurance”) and are accounted for as subscriptions, with billings recorded as unearned revenue and recognized as revenue ratably over the
billing coverage period. Revenue from certain arrangements that allow for the use of a product or service over a 
  50 


Table of Contents

 

PART II  Item 8 
 
 

period of time without taking possession of software are also accounted for as subscriptions. Revenue for software products where customers have the right to receive unspecified
upgrades/enhancements on a when-and-if-available basis and for which vendor-specific objective evidence of fair value does not exist for the upgrades/enhancements is recognized on a straight-line basis over the estimated life of the software.
 Revenue related to our Xbox 360 gaming and entertainment console, Kinect for Xbox 360, games published by us, and other hardware
components is generally recognized when ownership is transferred to the resellers. Revenue related to games published by third parties for use on the Xbox 360 platform is recognized when games are manufactured by the game publishers. 
Display advertising revenue is recognized as advertisements are displayed. Search advertising revenue is recognized when the ad appears in the
search results or when the action necessary to earn the revenue has been completed. Consulting services revenue is recognized as services are rendered, generally based on the negotiated hourly rate in the consulting arrangement and the number of
hours worked during the period. Consulting revenue for fixed-price services arrangements is recognized as services are provided. Revenue from prepaid points redeemable for the purchase of software or services is recognized upon redemption of the
points and delivery of the software or services.  Cost of Revenue  Cost of revenue includes; manufacturing and distribution costs for products sold and programs licensed; operating costs related to product support service centers and product distribution centers; costs incurred to
include software on PCs sold by OEMs, to drive traffic to our Web sites, and to acquire online advertising space (“traffic acquisition costs”); costs incurred to support and maintain Internet-based products and services, including
royalties; warranty costs; inventory valuation adjustments; costs associated with the delivery of consulting services; and the amortization of capitalized research and development costs. Capitalized research and development costs are amortized over
the estimated lives of the products.  Product Warranty  We provide for the estimated costs of fulfilling our obligations under hardware and software warranties at the time the related revenue is recognized. For hardware warranties, we estimate the costs based on
historical and projected product failure rates, historical and projected repair costs, and knowledge of specific product failures (if any). The specific hardware warranty terms and conditions vary depending upon the product sold and the country in
which we do business, but generally include parts and labor over a period generally ranging from 90 days to three years. For software warranties, we estimate the costs to provide bug fixes, such as security patches, over the estimated life of
the software. We regularly reevaluate our estimates to assess the adequacy of the recorded warranty liabilities and adjust the amounts as necessary. 
Research and Development  Research and
development expenses include payroll, employee benefits, stock-based compensation expense, and other headcount-related expenses associated with product development. Research and development expenses also include third-party development and
programming costs, localization costs incurred to translate software for international markets, and the amortization of purchased software code and services content. Such costs related to software development are included in research and development
expense until the point that technological feasibility is reached, which for our software products, is generally shortly before the products are released to manufacturing. Once technological feasibility is reached, such costs are capitalized and
amortized to cost of revenue over the estimated lives of the products.  Sales and Marketing 
Sales and marketing expenses include payroll, employee benefits, stock-based compensation expense, and other headcount-related expenses associated
with sales and marketing personnel, and the costs of advertising, promotions, trade shows, seminars, and other programs. Advertising costs are expensed as incurred. Advertising expense was $1.9 billion, $1.6 billion, and $1.4 billion in fiscal years
2011, 2010, and 2009, respectively. 
  51 


Table of Contents

 

PART II  Item 8 
 
 
Employee Severance  We record employee severance when a specific plan has been approved by management, the plan has been communicated to employees, and it is unlikely that significant changes will be made to the plan. In January 2009,
we announced and implemented a resource management program to reduce discretionary operating expenses, employee headcount, and capital expenditures. Severance expenses associated with this program were $59 million and $330 million in fiscal years
2010 and 2009, respectively, and are included in general and administrative expenses.  Stock-Based Compensation 
We measure stock-based compensation cost at the grant date based on the fair value of the award and recognize it as expense over the vesting or
service period, as applicable, of the stock award (generally four to five years) using the straight-line method.  Employee Stock Purchase Plan
 Shares of our common stock may be purchased by employees at three-month intervals at 90% of the fair market value of the stock on
the last day of each three-month period. Compensation expense for the employee stock purchase plan is measured as the discount the employee is entitled to upon purchase and is recognized in the period of purchase. 
Income Taxes  Income tax expense includes
U.S. and international income taxes, the provision for U.S. taxes on undistributed earnings of international subsidiaries not deemed to be permanently invested, and interest and penalties on uncertain tax positions. Certain income and expenses are
not reported in tax returns and financial statements in the same year. The tax effect of such temporary differences is reported as deferred income taxes. The deferred income taxes are classified as current or long-term based on the classification of
the related asset or liability.  Fair Value Measurements  We account for certain assets and liabilities at fair value. The hierarchy below lists three levels of fair value based on the extent to which inputs used in measuring fair value are observable in the
market. We categorize each of our fair value measurements in one of these three levels based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety. These levels are: 
 


 
•
 
 Level 1 – inputs are based upon unadjusted quoted prices for identical instruments traded in active markets. Our Level 1 non-derivative
investments primarily include U.S. treasuries, domestic and international equities, and actively traded mutual funds. Our Level 1 derivative assets and liabilities include those actively traded on exchanges. 
 


 
•
 
 Level 2 – inputs are based upon quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in
markets that are not active, and model-based valuation techniques (e.g. the Black-Scholes model) for which all significant inputs are observable in the market or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the
assets or liabilities. Where applicable, these models project future cash flows and discount the future amounts to a present value using market-based observable inputs including interest rate curves, foreign exchange rates, and forward and spot
prices for currencies and commodities. Our Level 2 non-derivative investments consist primarily of corporate notes and bonds, mortgage-backed securities, agency securities, certificates of deposit, and commercial paper. Our Level 2 derivative assets
and liabilities primarily include certain over-the-counter option and swap contracts. 
  52 


Table of Contents

 

PART II  Item 8 
 
 


 
•
 
 Level 3 – inputs are generally unobservable and typically reflect management’s estimates of assumptions that market participants would use in
pricing the asset or liability. The fair values are therefore determined using model-based techniques, including option pricing models and discounted cash flow models. Our Level 3 non-derivative assets primarily comprise investments in certain
corporate bonds. We value these corporate bonds using internally developed valuation models, inputs to which include interest rate curves, credit spreads, stock prices, and volatilities. Unobservable inputs used in these models are significant
to the fair values of the investments. Our Level 3 derivative assets and liabilities primarily comprise derivatives for foreign equities. In certain cases, market-based observable inputs are not available and we use management judgment to develop
assumptions to determine fair value for these derivatives.  We measure certain assets, including our cost and equity
method investments, at fair value on a nonrecurring basis when they are deemed to be other-than-temporarily impaired. The fair values of these investments are determined based on valuation techniques using the best information available, and may
include quoted market prices, market comparables, and discounted cash flow projections. An impairment charge is recorded when the cost of the investment exceeds its fair value and this condition is determined to be other-than-temporary. 
Our current financial liabilities have fair values that approximate their carrying values. Our long-term financial liabilities consist of long-term
debt which is recorded on the balance sheet at issuance price less unamortized discount.  Financial Instruments 
We consider all highly liquid interest-earning investments with a maturity of three months or less at the date of purchase to be cash equivalents.
The fair values of these investments approximate their carrying values. In general, investments with original maturities of greater than three months and remaining maturities of less than one year are classified as short-term investments.
Investments with maturities beyond one year may be classified as short-term based on their highly liquid nature and because such marketable securities represent the investment of cash that is available for current operations. All cash equivalents
and short-term investments are classified as available-for-sale and realized gains and losses are recorded using the specific identification method. Changes in market value, excluding other-than-temporary impairments, are reflected in OCI.
 Equity and other investments classified as long-term include both debt and equity instruments. Debt and publicly-traded equity
securities are classified as available-for-sale and realized gains and losses are recorded using the specific identification method. Changes in market value, excluding other-than-temporary impairments, are reflected in OCI. Common and preferred
stock and other investments that are restricted for more than one year or are not publicly traded are recorded at cost or using the equity method.  We lend certain fixed-income and equity securities to increase investment returns. The loaned securities continue to be carried as investments on our balance sheet. Cash and/or security interests are received as
collateral for the loan securities with the amount determined based upon the underlying security lent and the creditworthiness of the borrower. Cash received is recorded as an asset with a corresponding liability. 
Investments are considered to be impaired when a decline in fair value is judged to be other-than-temporary. Fair value is calculated based on
publicly available market information or other estimates determined by management. We employ a systematic methodology on a quarterly basis that considers available quantitative and qualitative evidence in evaluating potential impairment of our
investments. If the cost of an investment exceeds its fair value, we evaluate, among other factors, general market conditions, credit quality of debt instrument issuers, the duration and extent to which the fair value is less than cost, and for
equity securities, our intent and ability to hold, or plans to sell, the investment. For fixed-income securities, we also evaluate whether we have plans to sell the security or it is more likely than not that we will be required to sell the security
before recovery. We also consider specific adverse conditions related to the financial health of and business outlook for the investee, including industry and sector performance, changes in technology, and operational and financing cash flow
factors. Once a decline in fair value is determined to be other-than-temporary, an impairment charge is recorded to other income (expense) and a new cost basis in the investment is established. 
  53 


Table of Contents

 

PART II  Item 8 
 
 
Derivative instruments are recognized as either assets or liabilities and are measured at fair
value. The accounting for changes in the fair value of a derivative depends on the intended use of the derivative and the resulting designation.  For a derivative instrument designated as a fair-value hedge, the gain (loss) is recognized in earnings in the period of change together with the offsetting loss or gain on the hedged item attributed to the risk
being hedged. For options designated as fair-value hedges, changes in the time value are excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness and are recognized in earnings.  For derivative instruments designated as cash-flow hedges, the effective portion of the derivative’s gain (loss) is initially reported as a component of OCI and is subsequently recognized in earnings when the
hedged exposure is recognized in earnings. For options designated as cash-flow hedges, changes in the time value are excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness and are recognized in earnings. Gains (losses) on derivatives representing
either hedge components excluded from the assessment of effectiveness or hedge ineffectiveness are recognized in earnings.  For
derivative instruments that are not designated as hedges, gains (losses) from changes in fair values are primarily recognized in other income (expense). Other than those derivatives entered into for investment purposes, such as commodity contracts,
the gains (losses) are generally economically offset by unrealized gains (losses) in the underlying available-for-sale securities, which are recorded as a component of OCI until the securities are sold or other-than-temporarily impaired, at which
time the amounts are moved from OCI into other income (expense).  Allowance for Doubtful Accounts 
The allowance for doubtful accounts reflects our best estimate of probable losses inherent in the accounts receivable balance. We determine the
allowance based on known troubled accounts, historical experience, and other currently available evidence. Activity in the allowance for doubtful accounts was as follows: 
 
















(In millions)
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 









Year Ended June 30,
  
2011
 
 
2010
 
 
2009
 






 Balance, beginning of period
  
$
  375
  
 
$
   451
  
 
$
  153
  

 Charged to costs and other
  
 
14
  
 
 
45
  
 
 
360
  

 Write-offs
  
 
(56
) 
 
 
(121
) 
 
 
(62
) 



 



 




 Balance, end of period
  
$
333
  
 
$
375
  
 
$
451
  

 
  



 



 



 Inventories 
Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market, using the average cost method. Cost includes materials, labor, and manufacturing overhead
related to the purchase and production of inventories. We regularly review inventory quantities on hand, future purchase commitments with our suppliers, and the estimated utility of our inventory. If our review indicates a reduction in utility below
carrying value, we reduce our inventory to a new cost basis through a charge to cost of revenue.  Property and Equipment 
Property and equipment is stated at cost and depreciated using the straight-line method over the shorter of the estimated useful life of the asset
or the lease term. The estimated useful lives of our property and equipment are generally as follows: computer software developed or acquired for internal use, three years; computer equipment, two to three years; buildings and improvements, five to
15 years; leasehold improvements, two to 10 years; and furniture and equipment, one to five years. Land is not depreciated. 
  54 


Table of Contents

 

PART II  Item 8 
 
 
Goodwill  Goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level (operating segment or one level below an operating segment) on an annual basis (May 1 for us) and between annual tests if an event occurs or
circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying value.  Intangible Assets
 All of our intangible assets are subject to amortization and are amortized using the straight-line method over their estimated
period of benefit, ranging from one to 10 years. We evaluate the recoverability of intangible assets periodically by taking into account events or circumstances that may warrant revised estimates of useful lives or that indicate the asset may be
impaired.  Recently Issued Accounting Standards 
Recently adopted accounting pronouncements 
On July 1, 2010, we adopted guidance issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) on revenue recognition. Under the
new guidance on arrangements that include software elements, tangible products that have software components that are essential to the functionality of the tangible product are no longer within the scope of the software revenue recognition guidance,
and software-enabled products are now subject to other relevant revenue recognition guidance. Additionally, the FASB issued guidance on revenue arrangements with multiple deliverables that are outside the scope of the software revenue recognition
guidance. Under the new guidance, when vendor specific objective evidence or third party evidence for deliverables in an arrangement cannot be determined, a best estimate of the selling price is required to separate deliverables and allocate
arrangement consideration using the relative selling price method. The new guidance includes new disclosure requirements on how the application of the relative selling price method affects the timing and amount of revenue recognition. Adoption of
the new guidance did not have a material impact on our financial statements.  On July 1, 2010, we adopted new guidance issued by
the FASB on the consolidation of variable interest entities. The new guidance requires revised evaluations of whether entities represent variable interest entities, ongoing assessments of control over such entities, and additional disclosures for
variable interests. Adoption of the new guidance did not have a material impact on our financial statements.  Recent accounting pronouncements not
yet adopted  In June 2011, the FASB issued guidance on presentation of comprehensive income. The new guidance eliminates the
current option to report other comprehensive income and its components in the statement of changes in equity. Instead, an entity will be required to present either a continuous statement of net income and other comprehensive income or in two
separate but consecutive statements. The new guidance will be effective for us beginning July 1, 2012 and will have presentation changes only. In May 2011, the FASB issued guidance to amend the accounting and disclosure requirements on fair value measurements. The new guidance limits the highest-and-best-use measure to nonfinancial assets, permits
certain financial assets and liabilities with offsetting positions in market or counterparty credit risks to be measured at a net basis, and provides guidance on the applicability of premiums and discounts. Additionally, the new guidance
expands the disclosures on Level 3 inputs by requiring quantitative disclosure of the unobservable inputs and assumptions, as well as description of the valuation processes and the sensitivity of the fair value to changes in unobservable inputs. The
new guidance will be effective for us beginning January 1, 2012. Other than requiring additional disclosures, we do not anticipate material impacts on our financial statements upon adoption.
  55 


Table of Contents

 

PART II  Item 8 
 
 
In January 2010, the FASB issued guidance to amend the disclosure requirements related to fair
value measurements. The guidance requires the disclosure of roll forward activities on purchases, sales, issuance, and settlements of the assets and liabilities measured using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3 fair value measurements). The
guidance will become effective for us with the reporting period beginning July 1, 2011. Other than requiring additional disclosures, the adoption of this new guidance will not have a material impact on our financial statements. 
NOTE 2 — EARNINGS PER SHARE  Basic earnings per share (“EPS”) is computed based on the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted EPS is computed based on the weighted average number of
shares of common stock plus the effect of dilutive potential common shares outstanding during the period using the treasury stock method. Dilutive potential common shares include outstanding stock options, stock awards, and shared performance stock
awards. The components of basic and diluted EPS are as follows:   
















(In millions, except earnings per share)
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 









Year Ended June 30,
  
2011
 
 
2010
 
 
2009
 






 Net income available for common shareholders (A)
  
$
  23,150
  
 
$
  18,760
  
 
$
  14,569
  






 Weighted average outstanding shares of common stock (B)
  
 
8,490
  
 
 
8,813
  
 
 
8,945
  

 Dilutive effect of stock-based awards
  
 
103
  
 
 
114
  
 
 
51
  



 



 




 Common stock and common stock equivalents (C)
  
 
8,593
  
 
 
8,927
  
 
 
8,996
  

 
  



 



 









Earnings Per Share
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 






 Basic (A/B)
  
$
2.73
  
 
$
2.13
  
 
$
1.63
  

 Diluted (A/C)
  
$
2.69
  
 
$
2.10
  
 
$
1.62
  
 We excluded the following shares underlying stock-based
awards from the calculations of diluted EPS because their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive:   
















(In millions)
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 









Year Ended June 30,
  
2011
 
  
2010
 
  
2009
 






 Shares excluded from calculations of diluted EPS
  
 
21
  
  
 
28
  
  
 
342
  
 The decrease in anti-dilutive shares from fiscal year 2009
to 2010 was due mainly to the decrease in employee stock options outstanding.  In June 2010, we issued $1.25 billion of zero-coupon debt
securities that are convertible into shares of our common stock if certain conditions are met. As of June 30, 2011, none of these securities had met price or other conditions that would make them eligible for issuance and therefore were
excluded from the calculation of either the basic or diluted EPS. See Note 12 – Debt for additional information.  NOTE
3 — OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE)  The components of other income (expense) were as follows: 
 
















(In millions)
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 









Year Ended June 30,
  
2011
 
 
2010
 
 
2009
 






 Dividends and interest income
  
$
900
  
 
$
843
  
 
$
   744
  

 Interest expense
  
 
   (295
) 
 
 
   (151
) 
 
 
(38
) 

 Net recognized gains (losses) on investments
  
 
439
  
 
 
348
  
 
 
(125
) 

 Net losses on derivatives
  
 
(77
) 
 
 
(140
) 
 
 
(558
) 

 Net gains (losses) on foreign currency remeasurements
  
 
(26
) 
 
 
1
  
 
 
(509
) 

 Other
  
 
(31
) 
 
 
14
  
 
 
(56
) 



 



 




 Total
  
$
910
  
 
$
915
  
 
$
(542
) 

 
  



 



 




  56 


Table of Contents

 

PART II  Item 8 
 
 
Following are details of net recognized gains (losses) on investments during the periods
reported:  
















(In millions)
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 









Year Ended June 30,
  
2011
 
 
2010
 
 
2009
 






 Other-than-temporary impairments of investments
  
$
(80
) 
 
$
(69
) 
 
$
(862
) 

 Realized gains from sales of available-for-sale securities
  
 
734
  
 
 
605
  
 
 
  1,634
  

 Realized losses from sales of available-for-sale securities
  
 
   (215
) 
 
 
   (188
) 
 
 
(897
) 



 



 




 Total
  
$
439
  
 
$
348
  
 
$
(125
) 

 
  



 



 



 NOTE 4 — INVESTMENTS  Investment Components  The components of investments, including associated derivatives, were
as follows:   
































(In millions)
  
Cost Basis
 
 
 Unrealized Gains
 
 
 Unrealized Losses
 
 
 Recorded Basis
 
 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents
 
 
 Short-term Investments
 
 
 Equity and Other Investments
 













June 30, 2011
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 










 Cash
  
$
1,648
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
1,648
  
 
$
  1,648
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
0
  

 Mutual funds
  
 
1,752
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
1,752
  
 
 
1,752
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
0
  

 Commercial paper
  
 
639
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
639
  
 
 
414
  
 
 
225
  
 
 
0
  

 Certificates of deposit
  
 
598
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
598
  
 
 
372
  
 
 
226
  
 
 
0
  

 U.S. government and agency securities
  
 
33,607
  
 
 
162
  
 
 
(7
) 
 
 
33,762
  
 
 
2,049
  
 
 
31,713
  
 
 
0
  

 Foreign government bonds
  
 
658
  
 
 
11
  
 
 
(2
) 
 
 
667
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
667
  
 
 
0
  

 Mortgage-backed securities
  
 
2,307
  
 
 
121
  
 
 
(4
) 
 
 
2,424
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
2,424
  
 
 
0
  

 Corporate notes and bonds
  
 
10,575
  
 
 
260
  
 
 
(11
) 
 
 
10,824
  
 
 
3,375
  
 
 
7,449
  
 
 
0
  

 Municipal securities
  
 
441
  
 
 
15
  
 
 
(2
) 
 
 
454
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
454
  
 
 
0
  

 Common and preferred stock
  
 
7,925
  
 
 
2,483
  
 
 
(193
) 
 
 
10,215
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
10,215
  

 Other investments
  
 
654
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
654
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
4
  
 
 
650
  



 



 



 



 



 



 




 Total
  
$
  60,804
  
 
$
  3,052
  
 
$
  (219
) 
 
$
  63,637
  
 
$
9,610
  
 
$
  43,162
  
 
$
  10,865
  

 
  



 



 



 



 



 



 













(In millions)
  
Cost Basis
 
 
 Unrealized Gains
 
 
 Unrealized Losses
 
 
 Recorded Basis
 
 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents
 
 
 Short-term Investments
 
 
 Equity and Other Investments
 













June 30, 2010
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 










 Cash
  
$
1,661
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
1,661
  
 
$
1,661
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
0
  

 Mutual funds
  
 
1,120
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
1,120
  
 
 
1,120
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
0
  

 Commercial paper
  
 
188
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
188
  
 
 
13
  
 
 
175
  
 
 
0
  

 Certificates of deposit
  
 
348
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
348
  
 
 
68
  
 
 
280
  
 
 
0
  

 U.S. government and agency securities
  
 
21,036
  
 
 
167
  
 
 
(1
) 
 
 
21,202
  
 
 
1,822
  
 
 
19,380
  
 
 
0
  

 Foreign government bonds
  
 
518
  
 
 
13
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
531
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
531
  
 
 
0
  

 Mortgage-backed securities
  
 
3,137
  
 
 
135
  
 
 
(7
) 
 
 
3,265
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
3,265
  
 
 
0
  

 Corporate notes and bonds
  
 
7,450
  
 
 
289
  
 
 
(18
) 
 
 
7,721
  
 
 
701
  
 
 
7,020
  
 
 
0
  

 Municipal securities
  
 
726
  
 
 
22
  
 
 
(1
) 
 
 
747
  
 
 
120
  
 
 
627
  
 
 
0
  

 Common and preferred stock
  
 
6,640
  
 
 
1,030
  
 
 
(418
) 
 
 
7,252
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
7,252
  

 Other investments
  
 
507
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
507
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
5
  
 
 
502
  



 



 



 



 



 



 




 Total
  
$
43,331
  
 
$
1,656
  
 
$
(445
) 
 
$
44,542
  
 
$
5,505
  
 
$
31,283
  
 
$
7,754
  

 
  



 



 



 



 



 



 




  57 


Table of Contents

 

PART II  Item 8 
 
 
Unrealized Losses on Investments  Investments with continuous unrealized losses for less than 12 months and 12 months or greater and their related fair values were as follows: 
 




























 
  
Less than 12 Months
 
 
12 Months or Greater
 
 
 TotalFair Value
 
 
 TotalUnrealizedLosses
 

 
  



 



 
 

(In millions)
  
Fair Value
 
 
UnrealizedLosses
 
 
Fair Value
 
 
UnrealizedLosses
 
 
 












June 30, 2011
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 









 U.S. government and agency securities
  
$
484
  
 
$
(7
) 
 
$
0
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
484
  
 
$
(7
) 

 Foreign government bonds
  
 
365
  
 
 
(2
) 
 
 
0
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
365
  
 
 
(2
) 

 Mortgage-backed securities
  
 
63
  
 
 
(3
) 
 
 
14
  
 
 
(1
) 
 
 
77
  
 
 
(4
) 

 Corporate notes and bonds
  
 
750
  
 
 
(10
) 
 
 
25
  
 
 
(1
) 
 
 
775
  
 
 
(11
) 

 Municipal securities
  
 
79
  
 
 
(2
) 
 
 
0
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
79
  
 
 
(2
) 

 Common and preferred stock
  
 
1,377
  
 
 
(146
) 
 
 
206
  
 
 
(47
) 
 
 
1,583
  
 
 
(193
) 



 



 



 



 



 




 Total
  
$
  3,118
  
 
$
  (170
) 
 
$
  245
  
 
$
  (49
) 
 
$
  3,363
  
 
$
  (219
) 

 
  



 



 



 



 



 










 
  
Less than 12 Months
 
 
12 Months or Greater
 
 
 TotalFair Value
 
 
TotalUnrealizedLosses
 

 
  



 



 
 

(In millions)
  
Fair Value
 
 
UnrealizedLosses
 
 
Fair Value
 
 
UnrealizedLosses
 
 
 












June 30, 2010
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 









 U.S. government and agency securities
  
$
216
  
 
$
(1
) 
 
$
0
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
216
  
 
$
(1
) 

 Mortgage-backed securities
  
 
105
  
 
 
(6
) 
 
 
18
  
 
 
(1
) 
 
 
123
  
 
 
(7
) 

 Corporate notes and bonds
  
 
1,124
  
 
 
(13
) 
 
 
89
  
 
 
(5
) 
 
 
1,213
  
 
 
(18
) 

 Municipal securities
  
 
66
  
 
 
(1
) 
 
 
0
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
66
  
 
 
(1
) 

 Common and preferred stock
  
 
2,102
  
 
 
(339
) 
 
 
190
  
 
 
(79
) 
 
 
2,292
  
 
 
(418
) 



 



 



 



 



 




 Total
  
$
3,613
  
 
$
(360
) 
 
$
297
  
 
$
(85
) 
 
$
3,910
  
 
$
(445
) 

 
  



 



 



 



 



 



 Unrealized losses from fixed-income securities are primarily attributable to changes in interest rates. Unrealized
losses from domestic and international equities are due to market price movements. Management does not believe any remaining unrealized losses represent other-than-temporary impairments based on our evaluation of available evidence as of
June 30, 2011.  At June 30, 2011 and 2010, the recorded bases and estimated fair values of common and preferred stock and
other investments that are restricted for more than one year or are not publicly traded were $334 million and $216 million, respectively.  Debt
Investment Maturities   












(In millions)
  
Cost Basis
 
 
 Estimated Fair Value
 








June 30, 2011
  
 
 
 
 
 





 Due in one year or less
  
$
23,982
  
 
$
24,053
  

 Due after one year through five years
  
 
19,516
  
 
 
19,733
  

 Due after five years through 10 years
  
 
2,516
  
 
 
2,637
  

 Due after 10 years
  
 
2,811
  
 
 
2,945
  



 




 Total
  
$
  48,825
  
 
$
  49,368
  

 
  



 




  58 


Table of Contents

 

PART II  Item 8 
 
 
NOTE 5 — DERIVATIVES 
We use derivative instruments to manage risks related to foreign currencies, equity prices, interest rates, and credit; to enhance investment
returns; and to facilitate portfolio diversification. Our objectives for holding derivatives include reducing, eliminating, and efficiently managing the economic impact of these exposures as effectively as possible. Our derivative programs include
strategies that both qualify and do not qualify for hedge accounting treatment. All notional amounts presented below are measured in U.S. currency equivalents.  Foreign Currency  Certain forecasted transactions, assets, and liabilities are exposed to
foreign currency risk. We monitor our foreign currency exposures daily to maximize the economic effectiveness of our foreign currency hedge positions. Option and forward contracts are used to hedge a portion of forecasted international revenue for
up to three years in the future and are designated as cash-flow hedging instruments. Principal currencies hedged include the euro, Japanese yen, British pound, and Canadian dollar. As of June 30, 2011 and 2010, the total notional amounts of
these foreign exchange contracts sold were $10.6 billion and $9.3 billion, respectively. Foreign currency risks related to certain non-U.S. dollar denominated securities are hedged using foreign exchange forward contracts that are designated as
fair-value hedging instruments. As of June 30, 2011 and 2010, the total notional amounts of these foreign exchange contracts sold were $572 million and $523 million, respectively. Certain options and forwards not designated as hedging
instruments are also used to manage the variability in exchange rates on accounts receivable, cash, and intercompany positions, and to manage other foreign currency exposures. As of June 30, 2011, the total notional amounts of these
foreign exchange contracts purchased and sold were $3.9 billion and $7.3 billion, respectively. As of June 30, 2010, the total notional amounts of these foreign exchange contracts purchased and sold were $7.8 billion and $5.3 billion,
respectively.  Equity 
Securities held in our equity and other investments portfolio are subject to market price risk. Market price risk is managed relative to
broad-based global and domestic equity indices using certain convertible preferred investments, options, futures, and swap contracts not designated as hedging instruments. From time to time, to hedge our price risk, we may use and designate equity
derivatives as hedging instruments, including puts, calls, swaps, and forwards. As of June 30, 2011, the total notional amounts of designated and non-designated equity contracts purchased and sold were $1.4 billion and $935 million,
respectively. As of June 30, 2010, the total notional amounts of designated and non-designated equity contracts purchased and sold were $918 million and $472 million, respectively.  Interest Rate  Securities held in our fixed-income portfolio are subject to different interest
rate risks based on their maturities. We manage the average maturity of our fixed-income portfolio to achieve economic returns that correlate to certain broad-based fixed-income indices using exchange-traded option and futures contracts and
over-the-counter swap and option contracts, none of which are designated as hedging instruments. As of June 30, 2011, the total notional amounts of fixed-interest rate contracts purchased and sold were $2.3 billion and $2.2 billion,
respectively. As of June 30, 2010, the total notional amounts of fixed-interest rate contracts purchased and sold were $3.1 billion and $1.8 billion, respectively. In addition, we use “To Be Announced” forward purchase commitments of
mortgage-backed assets to gain exposure to agency mortgage-backed securities. These meet the definition of a derivative instrument in cases where physical delivery of the assets is not taken at the earliest available delivery date. As of
June 30, 2011 and 2010, the total notional derivative amount of mortgage contracts purchased were $868 million and $305 million, respectively. 
Credit  Our fixed-income portfolio is
diversified and consists primarily of investment-grade securities. We use credit default swap contracts, not designated as hedging instruments, to manage credit exposures relative to broad-based indices and to facilitate portfolio diversification.
We use credit default swaps as they are a low cost method of managing 
  59 


Table of Contents

 

PART II  Item 8 
 
 

exposure to individual credit risks or groups of credit risks. As of June 30, 2011, the total notional amounts of credit contracts purchased and sold were $532 million and $277 million,
respectively. As of June 30, 2010, the total notional amounts of credit contracts purchased and sold were $371 million and $199 million, respectively.  Commodity  We use broad-based commodity exposures to enhance portfolio returns and to
facilitate portfolio diversification. We use swap, futures and option contracts, not designated as hedging instruments, to generate and manage exposures to broad-based commodity indices. We use derivatives on commodities as they can be low-cost
alternatives to the purchase and storage of a variety of commodities, including, but not limited to, precious metals, energy, and grain. As of June 30, 2011, the total notional amounts of commodity contracts purchased and sold were $1.9 billion
and $502 million, respectively. As of June 30, 2010, the total notional amounts of commodity contracts purchased and sold were $1.1 billion and $376 million, respectively.  Credit Risk-Related Contingent Features  Certain of our counterparty agreements for derivative
instruments contain provisions that require our issued and outstanding long-term unsecured debt to maintain an investment grade credit rating and require us to maintain a minimum liquidity of $1.0 billion. To the extent we fail to meet these
requirements, we will be required to post collateral, similar to the standard convention related to over-the-counter derivatives. As of June 30, 2011, our long-term unsecured debt rating was AAA, and cash investments were in excess of $1.0
billion. As a result, no collateral was required to be posted.  Fair Values of Derivative Instruments 
Following are the gross fair values of derivative instruments designated as hedging instruments (“designated hedge derivatives”) and not
designated as hedging instruments (“non-designated hedge derivatives”) that were held at June 30, 2011 and 2010. The fair values exclude the impact of netting derivative assets and liabilities when a legally enforceable master netting
agreement exists and fair value adjustments related to our own credit risk and counterparty credit risk.   




























(In millions)
  
 Foreign Exchange Contracts
 
 
 Equity Contracts
 
 
 Interest Rate Contracts
 
 
 Credit Contracts
 
 
 Commodity Contracts
 
 
 Total Derivatives
 












June 30, 2011
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 









Assets
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 









 Non-designated hedge derivatives:
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 Short-term investments
  
$
     14
  
 
$
  179
  
 
$
   0
  
 
$
   17
  
 
$
   4
  
 
$
   214
  

 Other current assets
  
 
73
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
73
  



 



 



 



 



 




 Total
  
$
87
  
 
$
179
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
17
  
 
$
4
  
 
$
287
  

 Designated hedge derivatives:
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 Short-term investments
  
$
6
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
6
  

 Other current assets
  
 
123
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
123
  



 



 



 



 



 




 Total
  
$
129
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
129
  

 
  



 



 



 



 



 




 Total assets
  
$
216
  
 
$
179
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
17
  
 
$
4
  
 
$
416
  

 
  



 



 



 



 



 












Liabilities
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 









 Non-designated hedge derivatives:
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 Other current liabilities
  
$
(91
) 
 
$
(12
) 
 
$
(9
) 
 
$
(19
) 
 
$
(4
) 
 
$
(135
) 

 Designated hedge derivatives:
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 Other current liabilities
  
$
(128
) 
 
$
0
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
(128
) 



 



 



 



 



 




 Total liabilities
  
$
(219
) 
 
$
(12
) 
 
$
(9
) 
 
$
(19
) 
 
$
(4
) 
 
$
(263
) 

 
  



 



 



 



 



 




  60 


Table of Contents

 

PART II  Item 8 
 
 




























(In millions)
  
 Foreign Exchange Contracts
 
 
 Equity Contracts
 
 
 Interest Rate Contracts
 
 
 Credit Contracts
 
 
 Commodity Contracts
 
 
 Total Derivatives
 












June 30, 2010
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 









Assets
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 









 Non-designated hedge derivatives:
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 Short-term investments
  
$
    15
  
 
$
  134
  
 
$
   12
  
 
$
   7
  
 
$
   8
  
 
$
   176
  

 Other current assets
  
 
34
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
34
  



 



 



 



 



 




 Total
  
$
49
  
 
$
134
  
 
$
12
  
 
$
7
  
 
$
8
  
 
$
210
  

 Designated hedge derivatives:
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 Short-term investments
  
$
3
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
3
  

 Other current assets
  
 
563
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
563
  



 



 



 



 



 




 Total
  
$
566
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
566
  

 
  



 



 



 



 



 




 Total assets
  
$
615
  
 
$
134
  
 
$
12
  
 
$
7
  
 
$
8
  
 
$
776
  

 
  



 



 



 



 



 












Liabilities
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 









 Non-designated hedge derivatives:
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 Other current liabilities
  
$
(60
) 
 
$
(17
) 
 
$
(33
) 
 
$
(41
) 
 
$
(5
) 
 
$
(156
) 

 Designated hedge derivatives:
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 Other current liabilities
  
$
(9
) 
 
$
0
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
(9
) 



 



 



 



 



 




 Total liabilities
  
$
(69
) 
 
$
(17
) 
 
$
(33
) 
 
$
(41
) 
 
$
(5
) 
 
$
(165
) 

 
  



 



 



 



 



 



 See also Note 4 – Investments and Note 6 – Fair Value Measurements. 
Fair Value Hedge Gains (Losses)  We
recognized in other income (expense) the following gains (losses) related to fair value hedges and their related hedged items:   
















(In millions)
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 









Year Ended June 30,
  
2011
 
 
2010
 
 
2009
 






Foreign Exchange Contracts
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 






 Derivatives
  
$
   (92
) 
 
$
   (57
) 
 
$
   121
  

 Hedged items
  
 
85
  
 
 
60
  
 
 
(120
) 



 



 




 Total
  
$
(7
) 
 
$
3
  
 
$
1
  

 
  



 



 









Equity Contracts
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 






 Derivatives
  
$
0
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
191
  

 Hedged items
  
 
0
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
(211
) 



 



 




 Total
  
$
0
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
(20
) 

 
  



 



 




  61 


Table of Contents

 

PART II  Item 8 
 
 
Cash Flow Hedge Gains (Losses)  We recognized the following gains (losses) related to foreign exchange contracts designated as cash flow hedges (our only cash flow hedges during the periods reported): 
 
















(In millions)
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 









Year Ended June 30,
  
2011
 
 
2010
 
 
2009
 






Effective Portion
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 






 Gain (loss) recognized in OCI, net of tax effect of $(340), $188 and $472
  
$
  (632
) 
 
$
   349
  
 
$
   876
  

 Gain (loss) reclassified from OCI into revenue
  
$
(7
) 
 
$
495
  
 
$
884
  






Amount Excluded from Effectiveness Assessment and Ineffective Portion
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 






 Loss recognized in other income (expense)
  
$
(276
) 
 
$
(174
) 
 
$
(314
) 
 We estimate that $186 million of net derivative losses
included in OCI at June 30, 2011 will be reclassified into earnings within the following 12 months. No significant amounts of gains (losses) were reclassified from OCI into earnings as a result of forecasted transactions that failed to occur
during fiscal year 2011.  Non-Designated Derivative Gains (Losses)  Gains (losses) from changes in fair values of derivatives that are not designated as hedges are primarily recognized in other income (expense). These amounts are shown in the table below, with the exception of
gains (losses) on derivatives presented in income statement line items other than other income (expense), which were immaterial for all periods presented. Other than those derivatives entered into for investment purposes, such as commodity
contracts, the gains (losses) below are generally economically offset by unrealized gains (losses) in the underlying available-for-sale securities.   
















(In millions)
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 









Year Ended June 30,
  
2011
 
 
2010
 
 
2009
 






 Foreign exchange contracts
  
$
   (27
) 
 
$
  106
  
 
$
  (234
) 

 Equity contracts
  
 
35
  
 
 
12
  
 
 
(131
) 

 Interest-rate contracts
  
 
19
  
 
 
(4
) 
 
 
5
  

 Credit contracts
  
 
24
  
 
 
22
  
 
 
(18
) 

 Commodity contracts
  
 
148
  
 
 
(1
) 
 
 
(126
) 



 



 




 Total
  
$
199
  
 
$
135
  
 
$
(504
) 

 
  



 



 




  62 


Table of Contents

 

PART II  Item 8 
 
 
NOTE 6 — FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS 
Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis  The following tables present the fair value of our financial instruments that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis:   




























(In millions)
  
Level 1
 
 
Level 2
 
 
Level 3
 
 
 Gross Fair Value
 
 
Netting (a)
 
 
Net FairValue
 












June 30, 2011
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 









Assets
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 









 Mutual funds
  
$
1,752
    
 
$
0
    
 
$
0
    
 
$
1,752
    
 
$
0
  
 
$
1,752
    

 Commercial paper
  
 
0
  
 
 
639
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
639
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
639
  

 Certificates of deposit
  
 
0
  
 
 
598
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
598
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
598
  

 U.S. government and agency securities
  
 
23,591
  
 
 
10,175
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
33,766
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
33,766
  

 Foreign government bonds
  
 
303
  
 
 
367
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
670
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
670
  

 Mortgage-backed securities
  
 
0
  
 
 
2,428
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
2,428
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
2,428
  

 Corporate notes and bonds
  
 
0
  
 
 
10,600
  
 
 
58
  
 
 
10,658
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
10,658
  

 Municipal securities
  
 
0
  
 
 
454
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
454
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
454
  

 Common and preferred stock
  
 
9,821
  
 
 
55
  
 
 
5
  
 
 
9,881
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
9,881
  

 Derivatives
  
 
8
  
 
 
388
  
 
 
20
  
 
 
416
  
 
 
(204
) 
 
 
212
  



 



 



 



 



 




 Total
  
$
  35,475
  
 
$
  25,704
  
 
$
  83
  
 
$
  61,262
  
 
$
  (204
) 
 
$
  61,058
  

 
  



 



 



 



 



 












Liabilities
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 









 Derivatives and other
  
$
109
  
 
$
257
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
366
  
 
$
(203
) 
 
$
163
  












(In millions)
  
Level 1
 
 
Level 2
 
 
Level 3
 
 
 Gross Fair Value
 
 
Netting (a)
 
 
Net FairValue
 












June 30, 2010
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 









Assets
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 









 Mutual funds
  
$
1,120
    
 
$
0
    
 
$
0
    
 
$
1,120
    
 
$
0
  
 
$
1,120
    

 Commercial paper
  
 
0
  
 
 
172
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
172
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
172
  

 Certificates of deposit
  
 
0
  
 
 
348
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
348
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
348
  

 U.S. government and agency securities
  
 
16,473
  
 
 
4,756
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
21,229
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
21,229
  

 Foreign government bonds
  
 
239
  
 
 
294
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
533
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
533
  

 Mortgage-backed securities
  
 
0
  
 
 
3,264
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
3,264
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
3,264
  

 Corporate notes and bonds
  
 
0
  
 
 
7,460
  
 
 
167
  
 
 
7,627
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
7,627
  

 Municipal securities
  
 
0
  
 
 
747
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
747
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
747
  

 Common and preferred stock
  
 
6,988
  
 
 
43
  
 
 
5
  
 
 
7,036
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
7,036
  

 Derivatives
  
 
22
  
 
 
745
  
 
 
9
  
 
 
776
  
 
 
(207
) 
 
 
569
  



 



 



 



 



 




 Total
  
$
  24,842
  
 
$
  17,829
  
 
$
  181
  
 
$
  42,852
  
 
$
  (207
) 
 
$
  42,645
  

 
  



 



 



 



 



 












Liabilities
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 









 Derivatives and other
  
$
85
  
 
$
137
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
222
  
 
$
(205
) 
 
$
17
  
  


(a)
 These amounts represent the impact of netting derivative assets and derivative liabilities when a legally enforceable master netting agreement exists and
fair value adjustments related to our own credit risk and counterparty credit risk.  
  63 


Table of Contents

 

PART II  Item 8 
 
 
The table below reconciles the total Net Fair Value of assets above to the balance sheet
presentation of these same assets in Note 4 – Investments for June 30, 2011 and 2010.   












(In millions)
  
 
 
 
 
 








June 30,
  
2011
 
 
2010
 





 Net fair value of assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis
  
$
  61,058
  
 
$
  42,645
  

 Cash
  
 
1,648
  
 
 
1,661
  

 Common and preferred stock measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis
  
 
334
  
 
 
216
  

 Other investments measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis
  
 
650
  
 
 
502
  

 Less derivative assets classified as other current assets
  
 
(54
) 
 
 
(544
) 

 Other
  
 
1
  
 
 
62
  



 




 Recorded basis of investment components
  
$
63,637
  
 
$
44,542
  

 
  



 



 Changes in Financial Instruments Measured at Level 3 Fair Value on a Recurring Basis 
The following tables present the changes during the fiscal years 2011 and 2010 in our Level 3 financial instruments that are measured at fair value
on a recurring basis. The majority of these instruments consist of investment securities classified as available-for-sale with changes in fair value included in OCI.   




















(In millions)
  
 Corporate Notes and Bonds
 
 
 Common and Preferred Stock
 
  
 Derivative Assets
 
  
Total
 










Year Ended June 30, 2011
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 







 Balance, beginning of period
  
$
  167
  
 
$
  5
  
  
$
    9
  
  
$
  181
  

 Total realized and unrealized gains (losses):
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 

 Included in other income (expense)
  
 
39
  
 
 
0
  
  
 
11
  
  
 
50
  

 Included in other comprehensive income
  
 
(63
) 
 
 
0
  
  
 
0
  
  
 
(63
) 

 Purchases, issuances and settlements
  
 
(85
) 
 
 
0
  
  
 
0
  
  
 
(85
) 



 



  



  




 Balance, end of period
  
$
58
  
 
$
5
  
  
$
20
  
  
$
83
  

 
  



 



  



  




 Change in unrealized gains (losses) included in other income (expense) related to assets held as of June 30, 2011
  
$
6
  
 
$
0
  
  
$
11
  
  
$
17
  










(In millions)
  
CorporateNotes andBonds
 
 
CommonandPreferredStock
 
  
DerivativeAssets
 
  
Total
 










Year Ended June 30, 2010
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 







 Balance, beginning of period
  
$
  253
  
 
$
  5
  
  
$
    5
  
  
$
  263
  

 Total realized and unrealized gains (losses):
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 

 Included in other income (expense)
  
 
6
  
 
 
0
  
  
 
4
  
  
 
10
  

 Included in other comprehensive income
  
 
(92
) 
 
 
0
  
  
 
0
  
  
 
(92
) 



 



  



  




 Balance, end of period
  
$
167
  
 
$
5
  
  
$
9
  
  
$
181
  

 
  



 



  



  




 Change in unrealized gains (losses) included in other income (expense) related to assets held as of June 30, 2010
  
$
6
  
 
$
0
  
  
$
4
  
  
$
10
  
 Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis
 During fiscal years 2011 and 2010, impairment charges of $2 million and $5 million, respectively, were recognized for certain
investments measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis, as the decline in their respective fair values below their cost was determined to be other than temporary in all instances. At June 30, 2011 and 2010, we held no common and preferred
stocks that were required to be measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. 
  64 


Table of Contents

 

PART II  Item 8 
 
 
NOTE 7 — INVENTORIES 
The components of inventories were as follows:   












(In millions)
 








June 30,
  
2011
 
 
2010
 





 Raw materials
  
$
232
  
 
$
  172
  

 Work in process
  
 
56
  
 
 
16
  

 Finished goods
  
 
1,084
  
 
 
552
  



 




 Total
  
$
  1,372
  
 
$
740
  

 
  



 



 NOTE 8 — PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT 
The components of property and equipment were as follows:   












(In millions)
 








June 30,
  
2011
 
 
2010
 





 Land
  
$
533
  
 
$
526
  

 Buildings and improvements
  
 
6,521
  
 
 
6,087
  

 Leasehold improvements
  
 
2,345
  
 
 
2,100
  

 Computer equipment and software
  
 
6,601
  
 
 
5,673
  

 Furniture and equipment
  
 
1,991
  
 
 
1,873
  



 




 Total, at cost
  
 
  17,991
  
 
 
  16,259
  

 Accumulated depreciation
  
 
(9,829
) 
 
 
(8,629
) 



 




 Total, net
  
$
8,162
  
 
$
7,630
  

 
  



 



 During fiscal years 2011, 2010, and 2009, depreciation expense was $2.0 billion, $1.8 billion, and $1.7 billion,
respectively.  NOTE 9 — BUSINESS COMBINATIONS  During fiscal year 2011, we acquired three entities for total consideration of $75 million, substantially all of which was paid in cash. During fiscal year 2010, we acquired five entities for total consideration of
$267 million, substantially all of which was paid in cash. During fiscal year 2010, we also sold three entities for total consideration of $600 million, including Razorfish in the second quarter of fiscal year 2010. During fiscal year 2009, we
acquired nine entities for total consideration of $925 million, substantially all of which was paid in cash. These entities have been included in or removed from our consolidated results of operations since their acquisition or sale dates,
respectively. Pro forma results of operations have not been presented because the effects of these business combinations, individually and in the aggregate, were not material to our consolidated results of operations. 
Definitive Agreement with Skype  On
May 10, 2011, we announced that we had entered into a definitive agreement with Skype Global S.à.r.l. (“Skype”) under which we would acquire Skype, a leading internet communications company, for $8.5 billion in cash. The
acquisition will extend Skype’s brand and reach of its network platform, while enhancing our existing portfolio of real-time communications products and services. The acquisition is subject to regulatory approvals and other customary closing
conditions. We obtained regulatory approval in the U.S. and expect to obtain all remaining required regulatory approvals during calendar year 2011. 
  65 


Table of Contents

 

PART II  Item 8 
 
 
NOTE 10 — GOODWILL 
Changes in the carrying amount of goodwill for fiscal years 2011 and 2010 by segment were as follows: 
 
































 
  
 Balance as of June 30, 2009
 
 
Acquisitions
 
 
 Purchase Accounting Adjustments
and Other
 
 
 Balance as of June 30, 2010
 
 
Acquisitions
 
 
 Purchase Accounting Adjustments
and Other
 
 
 Balance as of June 30, 2011
 













(In millions)
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 










 Windows & Windows Live Division
  
$
77
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
77
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
12
  
 
$
89
  

 Server and Tools
  
 
1,038
  
 
 
82
  
 
 
(2
) 
 
 
1,118
  
 
 
13
  
 
 
8
  
 
 
1,139
  

 Online Services Division
  
 
6,657
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
(284
) 
 
 
6,373
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
6,373
  

 Microsoft Business Division
  
 
3,927
  
 
 
116
  
 
 
(19
) 
 
 
4,024
  
 
 
4
  
 
 
139
  
 
 
4,167
  

 Entertainment and Devices Division
  
 
804
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
(2
) 
 
 
802
  
 
 
30
  
 
 
(19
) 
 
 
813
  



 



 



 



 



 



 




 Total
  
$
  12,503
  
 
$
  198
  
 
$
  (307
) 
 
$
  12,394
  
 
$
  47
  
 
$
  140
  
 
$
  12,581
  

 
  



 



 



 



 



 



 



 None of the amounts recorded as goodwill are expected to be deductible for tax purposes. The measurement period for
purchase price allocations ends as soon as information on the facts and circumstances becomes available, but will not exceed 12 months. Adjustments in the purchase price allocation may require a recasting of the amounts allocated to goodwill
retroactive to the period in which the acquisition occurred. Any change in the goodwill amounts resulting from foreign currency translations are presented as “other” in the above table. Also included within “other” for fiscal
year 2010 is $285 million of goodwill associated with business dispositions. See also Note 9 – Business Combinations.  We test
goodwill for impairment annually on May 1 at the reporting unit level using a fair value approach. No impairment of goodwill was identified as of May 1, 2011.  NOTE 11 — INTANGIBLE ASSETS  The components of intangible assets, all of which are
finite-lived, were as follows:   




























(In millions)
  
GrossCarryingAmount
 
 
AccumulatedAmortization
 
 
Net CarryingAmount
 
 
GrossCarryingAmount
 
  
AccumulatedAmortization
 
 
Net CarryingAmount
 












Year Ended June 30,
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
2011
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
2010
 









 Contract-based
  
$
  1,068
  
 
$
(966
) 
 
$
  102
  
 
$
  1,075
  
  
$
(914
) 
 
$
161
  


Technology-based (a)
  
 
2,356
  
 
 
(1,831
) 
 
 
525
  
 
 
2,308
  
  
 
(1,521
) 
 
 
787
  

 Marketing-related
  
 
113
  
 
 
(98
) 
 
 
15
  
 
 
114
  
  
 
(86
) 
 
 
28
  

 Customer-related
  
 
326
  
 
 
(224
) 
 
 
102
  
 
 
390
  
  
 
(208
) 
 
 
182
  



 



 



 



  



 




 Total
  
$
3,863
  
 
$
  (3,119
) 
 
$
744
  
 
$
3,887
  
  
$
  (2,729
) 
 
$
  1,158
  

 
  



 



 



 



  



 



  


(a)
 Technology-based intangible assets included $179 million and $249 million as of June 30, 2011 and 2010, respectively, of net carrying amount of
software to be sold, leased, or otherwise marketed.   We estimate that we have no significant residual value
related to our intangible assets. No material impairments of intangible assets were identified during any of the periods presented. 
  66 


Table of Contents

 

PART II  Item 8 
 
 
The components of intangible assets acquired during fiscal years 2011 and 2010 were as follows:
  




















(In millions)
  
Amount
 
 
 Weighted Average Life
 
 
Amount
 
 
 Weighted Average Life
 










Year Ended June 30,
  
2011
 
 
 
 
 
2010
 
 
 
 







 Contract-based
  
$
0
  
 
 
 
 
 
$
3
  
 
 
2 years
  

 Technology-based
  
 
  119
  
 
 
3 years
  
 
 
322
  
 
 
4 years
  

 Marketing-related
  
 
1
  
 
 
7 years
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
 
 

 Customer-related
  
 
2
  
 
 
4 years
  
 
 
18
  
 
 
5 years
  



 
 
 
 
 



 
 
 
 

 Total
  
$
122
  
 
 
3 years
  
 
$
  343
  
 
 
4 years
  

 
  



 
 
 
 
 



 
 
 
 
 Intangible assets amortization expense was $537 million, $707 million, and $591 million for fiscal years 2011,
2010, and 2009, respectively. Amortization of capitalized software was $114 million, $97 million, and $65 million for fiscal years 2011, 2010, and 2009, respectively.  The following table outlines the estimated future amortization expense related to intangible assets held at June 30, 2011:   








(In millions)
  
 
 







Year Ending June 30,
  
 
 




 2012
  
$
  390
  

 2013
  
 
242
  

 2014
  
 
68
  

 2015
  
 
27
  

 2016
  
 
10
  

 2017 and thereafter
  
 
7
  




 Total
  
$
744
  

 
  



 NOTE 12 — DEBT  Short-term Debt  During fiscal year 2011, we repaid $1.0 billion of commercial paper, leaving
zero outstanding.  On November 5, 2010, our $1.0 billion 364-day credit facility expired. This facility served as a back-up for our
commercial paper program. No amounts were drawn against the credit facility during any of the periods presented.  Long-term Debt 
As of June 30, 2011, the total carrying value and estimated fair value of our long-term debt, including convertible debt, were $11.9 billion
and $12.1 billion, respectively. This is compared to a carrying value and estimated fair value of $4.9 billion and $5.2 billion, respectively, as of June 30, 2010. The estimated fair value is based on quoted prices for our publicly-traded debt as of
June 30, 2011 and 2010, as applicable.  Maturities of long-term debt for each of the next five years and thereafter are as follows:
  








(In millions)
  
 
 







Year Ending June 30,
  
 
 




 2012
  
$
0
  

 2013
  
 
1,250
  

 2014
  
 
3,000
  

 2015
  
 
0
  

 2016
  
 
2,500
  

 Thereafter
  
 
5,250
  




 Total
  
$
  12,000
  

 
  




  67 


Table of Contents

 

PART II  Item 8 
 
 
Cash paid for interest on our debt for fiscal years 2011 and 2010 was $197 million and $145
million, respectively. No cash was paid for debt interest for fiscal year 2009.  The components of long-term debt, the associated
interest rates, and the semi-annual interest record and payment dates were as follows as of June 30, 2011:   
































Due Date
  
Face Value
 
 
 StatedInterest Rate
 
  
 EffectiveInterest Rate
 
  
 Interest Record Date
 
 
 Interest Pay Date
 
 
 Interest Record Date
 
 
 Interest Pay Date
 













 
  
(In millions)
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 










Notes
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 










 September 27, 2013
  
$
1,000
  
 
 
0.875%
  
  
 
1.000%
  
  
 
March 15
  
 
 
March 27
  
 
 
September 15
  
 
 
September 27
  

 June 1, 2014
  
 
2,000
  
 
 
2.950%
  
  
 
3.049%
  
  
 
May 15
  
 
 
June 1
  
 
 
November 15
  
 
 
December 1
  

 September 25, 2015
  
 
1,750
  
 
 
1.625%
  
  
 
1.795%
  
  
 
March 15
  
 
 
March 25
  
 
 
September 15
  
 
 
September 25
  

 February 8, 2016
  
 
750
  
 
 
2.500%
  
  
 
2.642%
  
  
 
February 1
  
 
 
February 8
  
 
 
August 1
  
 
 
August 8
  

 June 1, 2019
  
 
1,000
  
 
 
4.200%
  
  
 
4.379%
  
  
 
May 15
  
 
 
June 1
  
 
 
November 15
  
 
 
December 1
  

 October 1, 2020
  
 
1,000
  
 
 
3.000%
  
  
 
3.137%
  
  
 
March 15
  
 
 
April 1
  
 
 
September 15
  
 
 
October 1
  

 February 8, 2021
  
 
500
  
 
 
4.000%
  
  
 
4.082%
  
  
 
February 1
  
 
 
February 8
  
 
 
August 1
  
 
 
August 8
  

 June 1, 2039
  
 
750
  
 
 
5.200%
  
  
 
5.240%
  
  
 
May 15
  
 
 
June 1
  
 
 
November 15
  
 
 
December 1
  

 October 1, 2040
  
 
1,000
  
 
 
4.500%
  
  
 
4.567%
  
  
 
March 15
  
 
 
April 1
  
 
 
September 15
  
 
 
October 1
  

 February 8, 2041
  
 
1,000
  
 
 
5.300%
  
  
 
5.361%
  
  
 
February 1
  
 
 
February 8
  
 
 
August 1
  
 
 
August 8
  



 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 Total
  
 
10,750
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 










Convertible Debt
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 










 June 15, 2013
  
 
1,250
  
 
 
0.000%
  
  
 
1.849%
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 Total unamortized discount
  
 
(79
) 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 Total
  
$
  11,921
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
  



 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 The components of long-term debt, the associated interest rates, and the semi-annual interest record and payment
dates were as follows as of June 30, 2010:   
































Due Date
  
Face Value
 
 
 StatedInterest Rate
 
 
 EffectiveInterest Rate
 
 
 Interest Record Date
 
 
 Interest Pay Date
 
 
 Interest Record Date
 
 
 Interest Pay Date
 













 
  
(In millions)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 










Notes
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 










 June 1, 2014
  
$
  2,000
  
 
 
2.950%
  
 
 
3.049%
  
 
 
May 15
  
 
 
June 1
  
 
 
November 15
  
 
 
December 1
  

 June 1, 2019
  
 
1,000
  
 
 
4.200%
  
 
 
4.379%
  
 
 
May 15
  
 
 
June 1
  
 
 
November 15
  
 
 
December 1
  

 June 1, 2039
  
 
750
  
 
 
5.200%
  
 
 
5.240%
  
 
 
May 15
  
 
 
June 1
  
 
 
November 15
  
 
 
December 1
  



 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 Total
  
 
3,750
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 










Convertible Debt
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 










 June 15, 2013
  
 
1,250
  
 
 
0.000%
  
 
 
1.849%
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 Total unamortized discount
  
 
(61
) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 Total
  
$
4,939
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
  



 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Notes  The
Notes are senior unsecured obligations and rank equally with our other unsecured and unsubordinated debt outstanding. 
  68 


Table of Contents

 

PART II  Item 8 
 
 
Convertible debt  In June 2010, we issued $1.25 billion of zero coupon convertible unsecured debt due on June 15, 2013 in a private placement offering. Proceeds from the offering were $1.24 billion, net of fees and expenses,
which were capitalized.  Each $1,000 principal amount of notes is convertible into 29.94 shares of Microsoft common stock at a
conversion price of $33.40 per share. As of June 30, 2011, the net carrying amount of our convertible debt was $1.2 billion and the unamortized discount was $38 million.  Prior to March 15, 2013, the notes will be convertible, only in certain circumstances, into cash and, if applicable, cash, shares of Microsoft’s common stock, or a combination thereof, at our election. On
or after March 15, 2013, the notes will be convertible at any time. Upon conversion, we will pay cash up to the aggregate principal amount of the notes and pay or deliver cash, shares of our common stock, or a combination of cash and shares of
our common stock, at our election.  Because the convertible debt may be wholly or partially settled in cash, we are required to
separately account for the liability and equity components of the notes in a manner that reflects our nonconvertible debt borrowing rate when interest costs are recognized in subsequent periods. The net proceeds of $1.24 billion were allocated
between debt for $1.18 billion and stockholders’ equity for $58 million with the portion in stockholders’ equity representing the fair value of the option to convert the debt. 
In connection with the issuance of the notes, we entered into capped call transactions with certain option counterparties who are initial
purchasers of the notes or their affiliates. The capped call transactions are expected to reduce potential dilution of earnings per share upon conversion of the notes. Under the capped call transactions, we purchased from the option counterparties
capped call options that in the aggregate relate to the total number of shares of our common stock underlying the notes, with a strike price equal to the conversion price of the notes and with a cap price equal to $37.16. The purchased capped calls
were valued at $40 million and recorded to stockholders’ equity.  NOTE 13 — INCOME TAXES 
The components of the provision for income taxes were as follows:   
















(In millions)
 









Year Ended June 30,
  
2011
 
 
2010
 
 
2009
 






Current Taxes
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 






 U.S. federal
  
$
  3,108
  
 
$
  4,415
  
 
$
  3,159
  

 U.S. state and local
  
 
209
  
 
 
357
  
 
 
192
  

 International
  
 
1,602
  
 
 
1,701
  
 
 
1,139
  



 



 




 Current taxes
  
 
4,919
  
 
 
6,473
  
 
 
4,490
  






Deferred Taxes
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 






 Deferred taxes
  
 
2
  
 
 
(220
) 
 
 
762
  



 



 




 Provision for income taxes
  
$
4,921
  
 
$
6,253
  
 
$
5,252
  

 
  



 



 



 U.S. and international components of income before income taxes were as follows: 
 
















(In millions)
 









Year Ended June 30,
  
2011
 
 
2010
 
 
2009
 






 U.S.
  
$
8,862
  
 
$
9,575
  
 
$
5,529
  

 International
  
 
19,209
  
 
 
15,438
  
 
 
14,292
  



 



 




 Income before income taxes
  
$
  28,071
  
 
$
  25,013
  
 
$
  19,821
  

 
  



 



 




  69 


Table of Contents

 

PART II  Item 8 
 
 
The items accounting for the difference between income taxes computed at the U.S. federal
statutory rate and our effective rate were as follows:   





















Year Ended June 30,
  
2011
 
 
2010
 
 
2009
 






 Federal statutory rate
  
 
35.0%
  
 
 
35.0%
  
 
 
35.0%
  

 Effect of:
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 Foreign earnings taxed at lower rates
  
 
(15.6)%
  
 
 
(12.1)%
  
 
 
(9.3)%
  

 Internal Revenue Service settlement
  
 
(1.7)%
  
 
 
0%
  
 
 
0%
  

 Other reconciling items, net
  
 
(0.2)%
  
 
 
2.1%
  
 
 
0.8%
  



 



 




 Effective rate
  
 
17.5%
  
 
 
25.0%
  
 
 
26.5%
  

 
  



 



 



 The reduction from the federal statutory rate from foreign earnings taxed at lower rates results from producing and
distributing our products and services through our foreign regional operations centers in Ireland, Singapore, and Puerto Rico, which are subject to lower income tax rates. In general, other reconciling items consist of interest, U.S. state income
taxes, domestic production deductions, and credits. In fiscal years 2011, 2010, and 2009, there were no individually significant other reconciling items. The I.R.S. settlement is discussed below. 
The components of the deferred income tax assets and liabilities were as follows: 
 












(In millions)
  
 
 
 
 
 








June 30,
  
2011
 
 
2010
 





Deferred Income Tax Assets
  
 
 
 
 
 





 Stock-based compensation expense
  
$
1,079
  
 
$
1,329
  

 Other expense items
  
 
1,411
  
 
 
1,696
  

 Unearned revenue
  
 
463
  
 
 
556
  

 Impaired investments
  
 
424
  
 
 
289
  

 Other revenue items
  
 
69
  
 
 
80
  



 




 Deferred income tax assets
  
$
3,446
  
 
$
3,950
  



 








Deferred Income Tax Liabilities
  
 
 
 
 
 





 International earnings
  
$
   (1,266
) 
 
$
   (1,056
) 

 Unrealized gain on investments
  
 
(904
) 
 
 
(674
) 

 Other
  
 
(265
) 
 
 
(265
) 



 




 Deferred income tax liabilities
  
 
(2,435
) 
 
 
(1,995
) 



 




 Net deferred income tax assets
  
$
1,011
  
 
$
1,955
  

 
  



 








Reported As
  
 
 
 
 
 





 Current deferred income tax assets
  
$
2,467
  
 
$
2,184
  

 Long-term deferred income tax liabilities
  
 
(1,456
) 
 
 
(229
) 



 




 Net deferred income tax assets
  
$
1,011
  
 
$
1,955
  

 
  



 



 Deferred income tax balances reflect the effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets
and liabilities and their tax bases and are stated at enacted tax rates expected to be in effect when the taxes are actually paid or recovered.  We have not provided deferred U.S. income taxes or foreign withholding taxes on temporary differences of approximately $44.8 billion resulting from earnings for certain non-U.S. subsidiaries which are permanently
reinvested outside the U.S. The unrecognized deferred tax liability associated with these temporary differences is approximately $14.2 billion.  Income taxes paid were $5.3 billion, $4.1 billion, and $6.6 billion in fiscal years 2011, 2010, and 2009, respectively. 
  70 


Table of Contents

 

PART II  Item 8 
 
 
Uncertain Tax Positions  As of June 30, 2011, we had $6.9 billion of unrecognized tax benefits of which $5.9 billion, if recognized, would affect our effective tax rate. As of June 30, 2010, we had $6.5 billion of unrecognized
tax benefits of which $5.6 billion, if recognized, would have affected our effective tax rate.  Interest on unrecognized tax benefits
was $38 million, $193 million, and $230 million in fiscal years 2011, 2010, and 2009, respectively. As of June 30, 2011, 2010, and 2009, we had accrued interest related to uncertain tax positions of $785 million, $747 million, and $554 million,
respectively, net of federal income tax benefits.  The aggregate changes in the balance of unrecognized tax benefits were as follows:
  
















(In millions)
 









Year Ended June 30,
  
2011
 
 
2010
 
 
2009
 






 Balance, beginning of year
  
$
  6,542
  
 
$
  5,403
  
 
$
  3,195
  

 Decreases related to settlements
  
 
(632
) 
 
 
(57
) 
 
 
(82
) 

 Increases for tax positions related to the current year
  
 
739
  
 
 
1,012
  
 
 
2,203
  

 Increases for tax positions related to prior years
  
 
405
  
 
 
364
  
 
 
239
  

 Decreases for tax positions related to prior years
  
 
(119
) 
 
 
(166
) 
 
 
(132
) 

 Decreases due to lapsed statute of limitations
  
 
0
  
 
 
(14
) 
 
 
(20
) 



 



 




 Balance, end of year
  
$
6,935
  
 
$
6,542
  
 
$
5,403
  

 
  



 



 



 During the third quarter of fiscal year 2011, we reached a partial settlement agreement with the I.R.S. on tax
years 2004 to 2006 and recorded a $461 million income tax provision benefit. During the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2011, the I.R.S. completed its examination and issued a Revenue Agent’s Report (“RAR”) for the remaining unresolved
items. We do not agree with the adjustments in the RAR, and we have filed a protest to initiate the administrative appeals process. The proposed adjustments are primarily related to transfer pricing and could have a significant impact on our
financial statements if not resolved favorably. We do not believe it is reasonably possible that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits will significantly increase or decrease within the next 12 months, as we do not believe the appeals
process will be concluded within the next 12 months. We also continue to be subject to examination by the I.R.S. for tax years 2007 to 2010.  We are subject to income tax in many jurisdictions outside the U.S., and certain jurisdictions remain subject to examination and are currently under audit by local tax authorities. The resolutions of these audits
are not expected to be material to our financial statements.  NOTE 14 — UNEARNED REVENUE 
Unearned revenue comprises mainly unearned revenue from volume licensing programs, as well as payments for offerings for which we have been paid in
advance and we earn the revenue when we provide the service or software or otherwise meet the revenue recognition criteria.  Volume Licensing
Programs  Unearned revenue from volume licensing programs represents customer billings for multi-year licensing arrangements paid
either at inception of the agreement or annually at the beginning of each billing coverage period and accounted for as subscriptions with revenue recognized ratably over the billing coverage period. 
Other  Also included in unearned revenue
are payments for post-delivery support and consulting services to be performed in the future; Xbox LIVE subscriptions and prepaid points; Microsoft Dynamics business solutions products; technology guarantee programs; OEM minimum commitments;
unspecified upgrades or enhancements of Microsoft Internet Explorer on a when-and-if-available basis for Windows XP; and other offerings for which we have been paid in advance and earn the revenue when we provide the service or software or otherwise
meet the revenue recognition criteria. 
  71 


Table of Contents

 

PART II  Item 8 
 
 
The components of unearned revenue were as follows: 
 












(In millions)
  
 
 
 
 
 








June 30,
  
2011
 
 
2010
 





 Volume licensing programs
  
$
  14,625
  
 
$
  12,180
  

 Other
  
 
2,495
  
 
 
2,650
  



 




 Total
  
$
17,120
  
 
$
14,830
  

 
  



 



 Unearned revenue by segment was as follows: 
 












(In millions)
  
 
 
 
 
 








June 30,
  
2011
 
 
2010
 





 Windows & Windows Live Division
  
$
1,782
  
 
$
1,701
  

 Server and Tools
  
 
6,552
  
 
 
5,282
  

 Microsoft Business Division
  
 
7,950
  
 
 
7,004
  

 Other segments
  
 
836
  
 
 
843
  



 




 Total
  
$
  17,120
  
 
$
  14,830
  

 
  



 



 NOTE 15 — OTHER LONG-TERM LIABILITIES 
 












(In millions)
  
 
 
 
 
 








June 30,
  
2011
 
 
2010
 





 Tax contingencies and other tax liabilities
  
$
7,381
  
 
$
6,887
  

 Legal contingencies
  
 
276
  
 
 
236
  

 Other
  
 
415
  
 
 
322
  



 




 Total
  
$
  8,072
  
 
$
  7,445
  

 
  



 



 NOTE 16 — COMMITMENTS AND GUARANTEES  Construction and Operating Leases  We have committed $263 million for constructing new
buildings, building improvements and leasehold improvements as of June 30, 2011.  We have operating leases for most U.S. and
international sales and support offices and certain equipment. Rental expense for facilities operating leases was $525 million, $530 million, and $475 million, in fiscal years 2011, 2010, and 2009, respectively. Future minimum rental commitments
under noncancellable facilities operating leases in place as of June 30, 2011 are as follows:   








(In millions)
  
 
 







Year Ending June 30,
  
 
 




 2012
  
$
481
  

 2013
  
 
396
  

 2014
  
 
319
  

 2015
  
 
249
  

 2016
  
 
163
  

 2017 and thereafter
  
 
344
  




 Total
  
$
  1,952
  

 
  




  72 


Table of Contents

 

PART II  Item 8 
 
 
Indemnifications  We provide indemnifications of varying scope and size to certain customers against claims of intellectual property infringement made by third parties arising from the use of our products and certain other matters.
We evaluate estimated losses for these indemnifications, and we consider such factors as the degree of probability of an unfavorable outcome and the ability to make a reasonable estimate of the amount of loss. To date, we have not encountered
significant costs as a result of these obligations and have not accrued any liabilities related to these indemnifications in our financial statements. 
Yahoo! Commercial Agreement  On
December 4, 2009, we entered into a definitive agreement with Yahoo! whereby Microsoft will provide the exclusive algorithmic and paid search platform for Yahoo! Web sites. The term of the agreement is 10 years subject to termination provisions
after five years based on performance.  Microsoft provided Yahoo! with revenue per search guarantees for a period of 18 months after
implementation of the Microsoft search ads platform in each country. These guarantees are calculated, paid and trued-up periodically based on the cumulative reduction in revenue per search, if any, during the 18-month period from pre-implementation
levels, except in the case of the U.S. and Canada where performance during each of the first two calendar quarters after implementation is independent and not cumulative. This is a rate guarantee and not a guarantee of search volume. We estimate the
total cost of the revenue per search guarantees during the guarantee period could range up to $150 million.  Microsoft also agreed to
reimburse Yahoo! for certain transition expenses incurred both before and after the effective date of the agreement.  Finally, Microsoft
also agreed to reimburse Yahoo! for certain costs of running algorithmic and paid search services prior to migration to Microsoft’s platform. 
Product Warranty  The changes in our
aggregate product warranty liabilities, which are included in other current liabilities and other long term-liabilities on our balance sheets, were as follows:   












(In millions)
  
 
 
 
 
 








Year Ended June 30,
  
2011
 
 
2010
 





 Balance, beginning of year
  
$
240
  
 
$
342
  

 Accruals for warranties issued
  
 
55
  
 
 
144
  

 Adjustments to pre-existing warranties
  
 
0
  
 
 
(2
) 

 Settlements of warranty claims
  
 
(123
) 
 
 
(244
) 



 




 Balance, end of year
  
$
   172
  
 
$
   240
  

 
  



 



 NOTE 17 — CONTINGENCIES  Government Competition Law Matters  Since 2001, we have been subject to a Consent Decree and
Final Judgment (“Final Judgments”) that resolved lawsuits brought by the U.S. Department of Justice, 18 states, and the District of Columbia in two separate actions. The Final Judgments imposed various constraints on our Windows operating
system businesses. The Final Judgments expired in May 2011.  In other ongoing investigations, various foreign governments and several
state attorneys general have requested information from us concerning competition, privacy, and security issues. 
  73 


Table of Contents

 

PART II  Item 8 
 
 
Antitrust, Unfair Competition, and Overcharge Class Actions 
A large number of antitrust and unfair competition class action lawsuits were filed against us in various state, federal, and Canadian courts on
behalf of various classes of direct and indirect purchasers of our PC operating system and certain other software products. We obtained dismissals of damages claims of indirect purchasers under federal law and in 15 states. Courts refused to certify
classes in two additional states. We have reached agreements to settle all claims that have been made to date in 19 states and the District of Columbia.  The settlements in all states have received final court approval. Under the settlements, generally class members can obtain vouchers that entitle them to be reimbursed for purchases of a wide variety of
platform-neutral computer hardware and software. The total value of vouchers that we may issue varies by state. We will make available to certain schools a percentage of those vouchers that are not issued or claimed (one-half to two-thirds depending
on the state). The total value of vouchers we ultimately issue will depend on the number of class members who make claims and are issued vouchers. The maximum value of vouchers to be issued is approximately $2.7 billion. The actual costs of these
settlements will be less than that maximum amount, depending on the number of class members and schools that are issued and redeem vouchers. We estimate the total cost to resolve all of the state overcharge class action cases will range between $1.9
billion and $2.0 billion. At June 30, 2011, we have recorded a liability related to these claims of approximately $568 million, which reflects our estimated exposure of $1.9 billion less payments made to date of approximately $1.3 billion
mostly for vouchers, legal fees, and administrative expenses.  The three cases pending in British Columbia, Ontario, and Quebec, Canada
have not been settled. In March 2010, the court in the British Columbia case certified it as a class action. On April 15, 2011, the British Columbia Court of Appeal reversed the class certification ruling and dismissed the case, holding that
indirect purchasers do not have a claim. The plaintiffs have sought review by the Canadian Supreme Court. The other two actions have been stayed. 
Other Antitrust Litigation and Claims  In
November 2004, Novell, Inc. (“Novell”) filed a complaint in U.S. District Court for the District of Utah (later transferred to federal court in Maryland), asserting antitrust and unfair competition claims against us related to
Novell’s ownership of WordPerfect and other productivity applications during the period between June 1994 and March 1996. In June 2005, the trial court granted our motion to dismiss four of six claims of the complaint. In March 2010 the
trial court granted summary judgment in favor of Microsoft as to all remaining claims. The court of appeals has reversed that ruling, and the case is scheduled for trial in Utah in October 2011. 
Patent and Intellectual Property Claims  In
2003, we filed an action in U.S. District Court in California seeking a declaratory judgment that we do not infringe certain Alcatel-Lucent patents (although this action began before the merger of Alcatel and Lucent in 2006, for simplicity we refer
to the post-merger entity of Alcatel-Lucent). In April 2008, a jury returned a verdict in Alcatel-Lucent’s favor in a trial on a consolidated group of one video and three user interface patents. The jury concluded that we had infringed two user
interface patents and awarded $367 million in damages. In June 2008, the trial judge increased the amount of damages to $512 million to include $145 million of interest. We appealed that award. In December 2008, we entered into a settlement
agreement resolving all other litigation pending between Microsoft and Alcatel-Lucent, leaving approximately $500 million remaining in dispute. In September 2009, the court of appeals affirmed the liability award but vacated the verdict and
remanded the case to the trial court for a re-trial of the damages ruling, indicating the damages previously awarded were too high. Trial on the remanded damages claim was held in July 2011. 
In October 2003, Uniloc USA Inc. (“Uniloc”), a subsidiary of a Singapore-based company, filed a patent infringement suit in U.S. District
Court in Rhode Island, claiming that product activation technology supporting Windows XP and certain other Microsoft programs violated a Uniloc patent. After we obtained a favorable summary judgment that we did not infringe any of the claims of this
patent, the court of appeals vacated the trial court decision and remanded 
  74 


Table of Contents

 

PART II  Item 8 
 
 

the case for trial. In April 2009, the jury returned a $388 million verdict against us, including a finding of willful infringement. In September 2009, the district court judge overturned
the jury verdict, ruling that the evidence did not support the jury’s findings either that Microsoft infringed the patent or was willful. Uniloc appealed, and in January 2011 the court of appeals reversed the district court’s finding of
non-infringement (thus reinstating the jury verdict of infringement) but affirmed the district court’s ruling that Microsoft was not willful and affirmed the district court’s grant of a new trial on damages. Uniloc’s petition for
rehearing of the court of appeals’ decision as to damages was denied. A new trial on damages has been set for January 2012.  In
March 2007, i4i Limited Partnership (“i4i”) sued Microsoft in U.S. District Court in Texas claiming that certain custom XML technology in Word 2003 and 2007 infringed i4i’s patent. In May 2009, a jury returned a verdict against us,
finding damages of $200 million and that we willfully infringed the patent. In August 2009, the court denied our post-trial motions and awarded enhanced damages of $40 million and prejudgment interest of $37 million. The court also issued a
permanent injunction prohibiting additional distribution of the allegedly infringing technology. We appealed and the appellate court stayed the injunction pending our appeal. In December 2009, the court of appeals rejected our appeal and
affirmed the trial court’s judgment and injunction, except that the court of appeals modified the effective date of the injunction to January 11, 2010. We appealed to the U.S. Supreme Court, and in June 2011 the court affirmed the judgment
of the court of appeals.  In October 2010, we filed suit against Motorola with the International Trade Commission (“ITC”) and
in U.S. District Court in Washington for infringement of nine Microsoft patents by Motorola’s Android-based devices. Since then, Microsoft and Motorola have filed additional actions against each other in the ITC and federal courts in
Washington, Wisconsin, Florida, and California. Microsoft asserts Motorola’s Android-based devices violate 23 of its patents, and Motorola asserts various Microsoft products (including Windows, Windows Phone 7, Windows Mobile 6.5, Xbox, Bing
Maps, Hotmail, Messenger, and Exchange Server) violate 21 Motorola patents. Microsoft also claims Motorola has breached its contractual commitments to the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (“IEEE”) and International
Telecommunications Union (“ITU”) to license identified patents related to wireless and video coding technologies under reasonable and non-discriminatory (“RAND”) terms and conditions. Motorola asserts that Microsoft breached
contractual commitments to the SD Card Association to license two patents under RAND terms and conditions, and asserts federal antitrust and state unfair business practice claims. Trial in our ITC case is set for August 2011, trial in
Motorola’s ITC case is set for October 2011, and trial of both parties’ patent infringement claims in Florida also is set for October 2011.  In addition to these cases, there are approximately 55 other patent infringement cases pending against Microsoft. 
Other  We also are subject to a variety of
other claims and suits that arise from time to time in the ordinary course of our business. Although management currently believes that resolving claims against us, individually or in aggregate, will not have a material adverse impact on our
financial statements, these matters are subject to inherent uncertainties and management’s view of these matters may change in the future.  As of June 30, 2011, we had accrued aggregate liabilities of $693 million in other current liabilities and $276 million in other long-term liabilities for all of the contingent matters described in this note.
While we intend to vigorously defend these matters, there exists the possibility of adverse outcomes that we estimate could reach approximately $800 million in aggregate beyond recorded amounts. Were unfavorable final outcomes to occur, there exists
the possibility of a material adverse impact on our financial statements for the period in which the effects become reasonably estimable. 
  75 


Table of Contents

 

PART II  Item 8 
 
 
NOTE 18 — STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY 
Shares Outstanding  Shares of common stock
outstanding were as follows:   
















(In millions)
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 









Year Ended June 30,
  
2011
 
 
2010
 
 
2009
 






 Balance, beginning of year
  
 
8,668
  
 
 
8,908
  
 
 
9,151
  

 Issued
  
 
155
  
 
 
140
  
 
 
75
  

 Repurchased
  
 
(447
) 
 
 
(380
) 
 
 
(318
) 



 



 




 Balance, end of year
  
 
8,376
  
 
 
8,668
  
 
 
8,908
  

 
  



 



 



 Share Repurchases  On September 22, 2008, we announced the completion of the two repurchase programs approved by our Board of Directors during the first quarter of fiscal year 2007 to buy back up to $40.0 billion of Microsoft
common stock. On September 22, 2008, we also announced that our Board of Directors approved a new share repurchase program authorizing up to $40.0 billion in share repurchases with an expiration date of September 30, 2013. As of
June 30, 2011, approximately $12.2 billion remained of the $40.0 billion approved repurchase amount. The repurchase program may be suspended or discontinued at any time without prior notice. 
We repurchased the following shares of common stock under the above-described repurchase plans using cash resources: 
 




























(In millions)
  
Shares
 
  
Amount
 
  
Shares
 
  
Amount
 
  
Shares
 
  
Amount
 












Year Ended June 30,
  
 
 
  
2011 (a)
 
  
 
 
  
2010 (a)
 
  
 
 
  
2009 
(b)
 









 First quarter
  
 
163
  
  
$
4,000
  
  
 
58
  
  
$
1,445
  
  
 
223
  
  
$
5,966
  

 Second quarter
  
 
188
  
  
 
5,000
  
  
 
125
  
  
 
3,583
  
  
 
95
  
  
 
2,234
  

 Third quarter
  
 
30
  
  
 
827
  
  
 
67
  
  
 
2,000
  
  
 
0
  
  
 
0
  

 Fourth quarter
  
 
66
  
  
 
1,631
  
  
 
130
  
  
 
3,808
  
  
 
0
  
  
 
0
  



  



  



  



  



  




 Total
  
 
447
  
  
$
  11,458
  
  
 
380
  
  
$
  10,836
  
  
 
318
  
  
$
  8,200
  

 
  



  



  



  



  



  



  


(a)
 All shares repurchased in fiscal years 2011 and 2010 were repurchased under the plan approved by our Board of Directors on September 22, 2008. 



(b)
 Of the 318 million shares of common stock repurchased in fiscal year 2009, 101 million shares were repurchased for $2.7 billion under the plan
approved by our Board of Directors during the first quarter of fiscal year 2007. The remaining shares were repurchased under the plan approved by our Board of Directors on September 22, 2008.  
Dividends  In fiscal year 2011, our Board
of Directors declared the following dividends:   




















Declaration Date
  
 Dividend Per Share
 
 
Record Date
 
 
Total Amount
 
  
Payment Date
 




 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
(In millions)
 
  
 
 







 September 21, 2010
  
$
  0.16
    
 
 
November 18, 2010
    
 
$
  1,363
  
  
 
December 9, 2010
  

 December 15, 2010
  
$
0.16
  
 
 
February 17, 2011
  
 
$
1,349
  
  
 
March 10, 2011
  

 March 14, 2011
  
$
0.16
  
 
 
May 19, 2011
  
 
$
1,350
  
  
 
June 9, 2011
  

 June 15, 2011
  
$
0.16
  
 
 
August 18, 2011
  
 
$
1,340
  
  
 
September 8, 2011
  

  76 


Table of Contents

 

PART II  Item 8 
 
 
The dividend declared on June 15, 2011 will be paid after the filing date of this report on
Form 10-K and was included in other current liabilities as of June 30, 2011.  In fiscal year 2010, our Board of Directors declared
the following dividends:   




















Declaration Date
  
 Dividend Per Share
 
 
Record Date
 
 
Total Amount
 
  
Payment Date
 




 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
(In millions)
 
  
 
 







 September 18, 2009
  
$
  0.13
    
 
 
November 19, 2009
    
 
$
  1,152
  
  
 
December 10, 2009
  

 December 9, 2009
  
$
0.13
  
 
 
February 18, 2010
  
 
$
1,139
  
  
 
March 11, 2010
  

 March 8, 2010
  
$
0.13
  
 
 
May 20, 2010
  
 
$
1,130
  
  
 
June 10, 2010
  

 June 16, 2010
  
$
0.13
  
 
 
August 19, 2010
  
 
$
1,118
  
  
 
September 9, 2010
  
 The dividend declared on June 16, 2010 was included in
other current liabilities as of June 30, 2010.  NOTE 19 — OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
The activity in other comprehensive income and related income tax effects were as follows: 
 
















(In millions)
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 









Year Ended June 30,
  
2011
 
 
2010
 
 
2009
 






Net Unrealized Gains on Derivatives
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 






 Unrealized gains (losses), net of tax effects of $(340), $188, and $472
  
$
(632
) 
 
$
   349
  
 
$
   876
  

 Reclassification adjustment for gains included in net income, net of tax effects of $2, $(173), and $(309)
  
 
5
  
 
 
(322
) 
 
 
(574
) 



 



 




 Net unrealized gains on derivatives
  
$
(627
) 
 
$
27
  
 
$
302
  



 



 









Net Unrealized Gains (Losses) on Investments
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 






 Unrealized gains (losses), net of tax effects of $726, $263, and $(142)
  
$
  1,349
  
 
$
488
  
 
$
(263
) 

 Reclassification adjustment for losses (gains) included in net income, net of tax effects of $(159), $(120), and $16
  
 
(295
) 
 
 
(223
) 
 
 
30
  



 



 




 Net unrealized gains (losses) on investments
  
 
1,054
  
 
 
265
  
 
 
(233
) 



 



 




 Translation adjustments and other, net of tax effects of $205, $(103) and $(133)
  
 
381
  
 
 
(206
) 
 
 
(240
) 



 



 




 Other comprehensive income (loss)
  
$
808
  
 
$
86
  
 
$
(171
) 

 
  



 



 



 The components of accumulated other comprehensive income were as follows: 
 
















(In millions)
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 









Year Ended June 30,
  
2011
 
 
2010
 
 
2009
 






 Net unrealized gains (losses) on derivatives
  
$
(163
) 
 
$
464
  
 
$
437
  

 Net unrealized gains on investments
  
 
1,821
  
 
 
767
  
 
 
502
  

 Translation adjustments and other
  
 
205
  
 
 
(176
) 
 
 
30
  



 



 




 Accumulated other comprehensive income
  
$
  1,863
  
 
$
  1,055
  
 
$
  969
  

 
  



 



 



 NOTE 20 — EMPLOYEE STOCK AND SAVINGS PLANS 
We grant stock-based compensation to directors and employees. At June 30, 2011, an aggregate of 583 million shares were authorized for
future grant under our stock plans, covering stock options, stock awards, and shared performance stock awards, and excluding shares reserved for issuance under our employee stock purchase plan. Awards that expire or are canceled without delivery of
shares generally become available for issuance under the plans. We issue new shares of Microsoft common stock to satisfy exercises and vestings of awards granted under all of our stock plans. 
  77 


Table of Contents

 

PART II  Item 8 
 
 
Stock-based compensation expense and related income tax benefits were as follows: 
 
















(In millions)
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 









Year Ended June 30,
  
2011
 
 
2010
 
 
2009
 






 Stock-based compensation expense
  
$
  2,166
  
 
$
  1,891
  
 
$
  1,708
  

 Income tax benefits related to stock-based compensation
  
$
758
  
 
$
662
  
 
$
598
  
 Stock Plans (Excluding Stock Options) 
Stock awards  Stock awards
(“SAs”) are grants that entitle the holder to shares of Microsoft common stock as the award vests. Our SAs generally vest over a five-year period.  Shared performance stock awards  Shared performance stock awards (“SPSAs”) are a
form of SA in which the number of shares ultimately received depends on our business performance against specified performance targets. 
We granted SPSAs for fiscal years 2011, 2010, and 2009 with performance periods of July 1, 2010 through June 30, 2011, July 1,
2009 through June 30, 2010, and July 1, 2008 through June 30, 2009, respectively. In August following the end of each performance period, the number of shares of stock subject to the award is determined by multiplying the target award
by a percentage ranging from 0% to 150%. The percentage is based on performance metrics for the performance period, as determined by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors in its sole discretion. An additional number of shares,
approximately 12% of the total target SPSAs, are available as additional awards to participants based on individual performance. One-quarter of the shares of stock subject to each award vest following the end of the performance period, and an
additional one-quarter of the shares vest on each of the following three anniversaries of the grant date.  Executive Officer Incentive Plan
 Under the Executive Officer Incentive Plan (“EOIP”), the Compensation Committee awards performance-based compensation to
executive officers of the Company for specified performance periods. During the periods reported, executive officers were eligible to receive annual awards comprised of cash and SAs from an aggregate incentive pool equal to a percentage of the
Company’s operating income. For fiscal years 2011, 2010, and 2009, the pool was 0.25%, 0.45%, and 0.35% of operating income, respectively.  In September following the end of the fiscal year, each executive officer may receive a combined cash and SA award with a total value equal to a fixed percentage of the aggregate pool. The fixed percentage ranges
between 0% and 150% of a target based on an assessment of the executive officer’s performance during the prior fiscal year. Following approval of the awards, 20% of the award is payable to the executive officers in cash, and the remaining 80%
is converted into an SA for shares of Microsoft common stock. The number of shares subject to the SA portion of the award is determined by dividing the value of 80% of the total award by the closing price of Microsoft common stock on the last
business day in August of each year. The SA portion of the award vests one-quarter immediately after the award is approved following fiscal year-end and one-quarter on August 31 of each of the following three years. 
Activity for all stock plans  The fair
value of each award is estimated on the date of grant using the following assumptions:   
























Year Ended June 30,
  
2011
 
 
2010
 
 
2009
 






 Dividends per share (quarterly amounts)
  
$
  0.13 – $  0.16
  
 
$
  0.13
  
 
$
  0.11 - $  0.13
  

 Interest rates range
  
 
1.1% - 2.4%
  
 
 
2.1% - 2.9%
  
 
 
1.4% - 3.6%
  

  78 


Table of Contents

 

PART II  Item 8 
 
 
During fiscal year 2011, the following activity occurred under our stock plans: 
 












 
  
Shares
 
 
 Weighted Average Grant-Date Fair Value
 




 
  
(In millions)
 
 
 
 





Stock Awards
  
 
 
 
 
 





 Nonvested balance, beginning of year
  
 
223
  
 
$
  24.76
  

 Granted
  
 
114
  
 
$
22.17
  

 Vested
  
 
(63
) 
 
$
25.00
  

 Forfeited
  
 
(19
) 
 
$
23.97
  



 
 
 
 

 Nonvested balance, end of year
  
 
255
  
 
$
23.59
  

 
  



 
 
 
 





Shared Performance Stock Awards
  
 
 
 
 
 





 Nonvested balance, beginning of year
  
 
30
  
 
$
25.32
  

 Granted
  
 
18
  
 
$
22.56
  

 Vested
  
 
(13
) 
 
$
25.63
  

 Forfeited
  
 
(3
) 
 
$
24.05
  



 
 
 
 

 Nonvested balance, end of year
  
 
32
  
 
$
23.76
  

 
  



 
 
 
 
 As of June 30, 2011, there was $4.5 billion and $467 million of total unrecognized compensation costs related
to SAs and SPSAs, respectively. These costs are expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 3.3 years and 2.5 years, respectively.  During fiscal year 2010 and 2009, the following activity occurred under our stock plans:   












(In millions, except fair values)
  
2010
 
 
2009
 








Stock Awards
  
 
 
 
 
 





 Awards granted
  
 
100
  
 
 
91
  

 Weighted average grant-date fair value
  
$
  23.43
  
 
$
  24.95
  





Shared Performance Stock Awards
  
 
 
 
 
 





 Awards granted
  
 
12
  
 
 
10
  

 Weighted average grant-date fair value
  
$
24.57
  
 
$
25.93
  
 Following are the fair values of stock plan awards vested
during the periods reported:   
















(In millions)
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 
  
2011
 
 
2010
 
 
2009
 






 Total vest-date fair value of stock awards vested
  
$
  1,521
  
 
$
  1,358
  
 
$
  1,137
  

 Total vest-date fair value of shared performance stock awards vested
  
$
289
  
 
$
227
  
 
$
485
  
 Stock Options 
We grant stock options primarily in conjunction with business acquisitions. We granted zero, one million, and one million stock options
in conjunction with business acquisitions during fiscal years 2011, 2010, and 2009, respectively. Options generally vest over four and one-half years and expire 10 years from the date of grant. 
  79 


Table of Contents

 

PART II  Item 8 
 
 
Employee stock options activity during 2011 was as follows: 
 




















 
  
Shares
 
 
 Weighted Average Exercise Price
 
 
 Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term
 
  
 Aggregate Intrinsic Value
 




 
  
(In millions)
 
 
 
 
 
(Years)
 
  
(In millions)
 







 Balance, July 1, 2010
  
 
187
  
 
$
  24.68
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 

 Exercised
  
 
(79
) 
 
$
24.91
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 

 Canceled
  
 
(15
) 
 
$
28.84
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 



 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 

 Balance, June 30, 2011
  
 
93
  
 
$
23.21
  
 
 
1.04
  
  
$
  312
  

 Exercisable, June 30, 2011
  
 
92
  
 
$
23.16
  
 
 
1.04
  
  
$
309
  
 Options outstanding as of June 30, 2011 include
approximately two million options that were granted in conjunction with business acquisitions. These options have an exercise price range of $0.01 to $29.24 and a weighted average exercise price of $7.69. 
During the periods reported, the following stock option exercise activity occurred: 
 
















(In millions)
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 









 
  
2011
 
 
2010
 
 
2009
 

 Total intrinsic value of stock options exercised
  
$
222
  
 
$
365
  
 
$
  48
  

 Cash received from stock option exercises
  
$
  1,954
  
 
$
  1,839
  
 
$
88
  

 Tax benefit realized from stock option exercises
  
$
77
  
 
$
126
  
 
$
12
  
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
We have an employee stock purchase plan for all eligible employees. Shares of our common stock may be purchased by employees at three-month
intervals at 90% of the fair market value on the last day of each three-month period. Employees may purchase shares having a value not exceeding 15% of their gross compensation during an offering period. Employees purchased the following shares
during the periods presented:   
















(Shares in millions)
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 









Year Ended June 30,
  
2011
 
 
2010
 
 
2009
 






 Shares purchased
  
 
20
  
 
 
20
  
 
 
24
  

 Average price per share
  
$
  22.98
  
 
$
  23.73
  
 
$
  20.13
  
 At June 30, 2011, 43 million shares of our common
stock were reserved for future issuance through the employee stock purchase plan.  Savings Plan 
We have a savings plan in the U.S. that qualifies under Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code, and a number of savings plans in
international locations. Participating U.S. employees may contribute up to 50% of their salary, but not more than statutory limits. We contribute fifty cents for each dollar a participant contributes in this plan, with a maximum contribution of 3%
of a participant’s earnings. Matching contributions for all plans were $282 million, $275 million, and $262 million in fiscal years 2011, 2010, and 2009, respectively, and were expensed as contributed. Matching contributions are invested
proportionate to each participant’s voluntary contributions in the investment options provided under the plan. Investment options in the U.S. plan include Microsoft common stock, but neither participant nor our matching contributions are
required to be invested in Microsoft common stock. 
  80 


Table of Contents

 

PART II  Item 8 
 
 
NOTE 21 — SEGMENT INFORMATION AND GEOGRAPHIC DATA 
In its operation of the business, management, including our chief operating decision maker, the Company’s Chief Executive Officer, reviews
certain financial information, including segmented internal profit and loss statements prepared on a basis not consistent with U.S. GAAP. The segment information within this note is reported on that basis. Our five segments are Windows &
Windows Live Division; Server and Tools; Online Services Division; Microsoft Business Division; and Entertainment and Devices Division. 
Due to the integrated structure of our business, certain revenue earned and costs incurred by one segment may benefit other segments. Revenue on
certain contracts may be allocated among the segments based on the relative value of the underlying products and services. Costs that are identifiable are allocated to the segments that benefit to incent cross-collaboration among our segments so
that one segment is not solely burdened by the cost of a mutually beneficial activity. Allocated costs may include those relating to development and marketing of products and services from which multiple segments benefit, or those costs relating to
services performed by one segment on behalf of other segments. Each allocation is measured differently based on the specific facts and circumstances of the costs being allocated. 
In addition, certain costs incurred at a corporate level that are identifiable and that benefit our segments are allocated to them. These allocated
costs include costs of: field selling; employee benefits; shared facilities services; and customer service and support. Each allocation is measured differently based on the specific facts and circumstances of the costs being allocated. Certain other
corporate-level activity is not allocated to our segments, including costs of: broad-based sales and marketing; product support services; human resources; legal; finance; information technology; corporate development and procurement activities;
research and development; legal settlements and contingencies; and employee severance.  We have recast certain prior period amounts
within this note to conform to the way we internally managed and monitored segment performance during the current fiscal year, including moving Microsoft’s PC hardware business from Entertainment and Devices Division to Windows &
Windows Live Division, Windows Embedded from Entertainment and Devices Division to Server and Tools, and Office for Mac from Entertainment and Devices Division to Microsoft Business Division, as well as implementing intersegment cost allocations
between all segments related to the collaborative investment in mobile platform development.  The principal products and services
provided by each segment are summarized below:  Windows & Windows Live Division – Windows & Windows Live
Division offerings consist of multiple editions of the Windows operating system, software and services through Windows Live, and Microsoft PC hardware products.  Server and Tools – Server and Tools product and service offerings include Windows Server, Microsoft SQL Server, Windows Azure, Windows Embedded device platforms, and Enterprise Services. Enterprise
Services comprise Premier product support services and Microsoft Consulting Services.  Online Services Division – Online
Services Division offerings include Bing, MSN, and advertiser tools.  Microsoft Business Division – Microsoft Business
Division offerings include Microsoft Office, SharePoint, Exchange, Lync, and Microsoft Dynamics business solutions.  Entertainment
and Devices Division – Entertainment and Devices Division offerings include the Xbox 360 entertainment platform, including Kinect for Xbox 360, Mediaroom (our Internet protocol television software), and Windows Phone. 
  81 


Table of Contents

 

PART II  Item 8 
 
 
Segment revenue and operating income (loss) were as follows during the periods presented:
  
















(In millions)
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 









Year Ended June 30,
  
2011
 
 
2010
 
 
2009
 






Revenue
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 






 Windows & Windows Live Division
  
$
  18,778
  
 
$
  18,792
  
 
$
  15,563
  

 Server and Tools
  
 
17,107
  
 
 
15,390
  
 
 
14,686
  

 Online Services Division
  
 
2,528
  
 
 
2,200
  
 
 
2,110
  

 Microsoft Business Division
  
 
21,986
  
 
 
19,345
  
 
 
19,211
  

 Entertainment and Devices Division
  
 
8,716
  
 
 
6,224
  
 
 
6,416
  

 Unallocated and other
  
 
828
  
 
 
533
  
 
 
451
  



 



 




 Consolidated
  
$
69,943
  
 
$
62,484
  
 
$
58,437
  

 
  



 



 



  
















(In millions)
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 









Year Ended June 30,
  
2011
 
 
2010
 
 
2009
 






Operating Income (Loss)
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 






 Windows & Windows Live Division
  
$
  11,968
  
 
$
  12,253
  
 
$
9,372
  

 Server and Tools
  
 
6,453
  
 
 
5,320
  
 
 
4,627
  

 Online Services Division
  
 
(2,638
) 
 
 
(2,410
) 
 
 
(1,749
) 

 Microsoft Business Division
  
 
13,827
  
 
 
11,642
  
 
 
11,153
  

 Entertainment and Devices Division
  
 
1,135
  
 
 
573
  
 
 
288
  

 Reconciling amounts
  
 
(3,584
) 
 
 
(3,280
) 
 
 
(3,328
) 



 



 




 Consolidated
  
$
27,161
  
 
$
24,098
  
 
$
  20,363
  

 
  



 



 



 Reconciling amounts in the tables above and below include adjustments to conform our internal accounting policies
to U.S. GAAP and corporate-level activity not specifically attributed to a segment. Significant internal accounting policies that differ from U.S. GAAP relate to revenue recognition, income statement classification, depreciation, and amortization of
stock-based awards.  Significant reconciling items were as follows: 
 
















(In millions)
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 









Year Ended June 30,
  
2011
 
 
2010
 
 
2009
 






 Corporate-level activity (a)
  
$
  (4,619
) 
 
$
  (4,260
) 
 
$
  (4,318
) 

 Stock-based compensation expense
  
 
544
  
 
 
556
  
 
 
753
  

 Revenue reconciling amounts
  
 
632
  
 
 
366
  
 
 
256
  

 Other
  
 
(141
) 
 
 
58
  
 
 
(19
) 



 



 




 Total
  
$
(3,584
) 
 
$
(3,280
) 
 
$
(3,328
) 

 
  



 



 



  


(a)
 Corporate-level activity excludes stock-based compensation expense and revenue reconciling amounts presented separately in those line items. 
 No sales to an individual customer accounted for more than 10% of fiscal year 2011, 2010, or 2009 revenue. Revenue,
classified by the major geographic areas in which our customers are located, was as follows:   
















(In millions)
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 









Year Ended June 30,
  
2011
 
 
2010
 
 
2009
 






 United
States (a)
  
$
  38,008
  
 
$
  36,173
  
 
$
  33,052
  

 Other countries
  
 
31,935
  
 
 
26,311
  
 
 
25,385
  



 



 




 Total
  
$
69,943
  
 
$
62,484
  
 
$
58,437
  

 
  



 



 



  


(a)
 Includes shipments to customers in the U.S. and licensing to certain OEMs and multinational organizations. 
  82 


Table of Contents

 

PART II  Item 8 
 
 
Revenue from external customers, classified by significant product and service offerings were as
follows:   
















(In millions)
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 









Year Ended June 30,
  
2011
 
 
2010
 
 
2009
 






 Microsoft Office system
  
$
  20,730
  
 
$
  17,754
  
 
$
  17,998
  

 Windows PC operating systems
  
 
17,825
  
 
 
18,225
  
 
 
14,653
  

 Server products and tools
  
 
13,251
  
 
 
12,007
  
 
 
11,344
  

 Xbox 360 platform
  
 
8,103
  
 
 
5,456
  
 
 
5,475
  

 Consulting and product support services
  
 
3,372
  
 
 
3,036
  
 
 
3,024
  

 Advertising
  
 
2,913
  
 
 
2,528
  
 
 
2,345
  

 Other
  
 
3,749
  
 
 
3,478
  
 
 
3,598
  



 



 




 Total
  
$
69,943
  
 
$
62,484
  
 
$
58,437
  

 
  



 



 



 Assets are not allocated to segments for internal reporting presentations. A portion of amortization and
depreciation is included with various other costs in an overhead allocation to each segment and it is impracticable for us to separately identify the amount of amortization and depreciation by segment that is included in the measure of segment
profit or loss.  Long-lived assets, excluding financial instruments and deferred taxes, classified by the location of the controlling
statutory company, were as follows:   
















(In millions)
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 









June 30,
  
2011
 
 
2010
 
 
2009
 






 United States
  
$
  18,498
  
 
$
  18,716
  
 
$
  19,362
  

 Other countries
  
 
2,989
  
 
 
2,466
  
 
 
2,435
  



 



 




 Total
  
$
21,487
  
 
$
21,182
  
 
$
21,797
  

 
  



 



 




  83 


Table of Contents

 

PART II  Item 8 
 
 
NOTE 22 — QUARTERLY INFORMATION (Unaudited) 
 
























(In millions, except per share amounts)
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 











Quarter Ended
  
September 30
 
 
December 31
 
 
March 31
 
 
June 30
 
 
Total
 








Fiscal Year 2011
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 








 Revenue
  
$
  16,195
  
 
$
  19,953
  
 
$
  16,428
  
 
$
  17,367
  
 
$
  69,943
  

 Gross profit
  
 
13,056
  
 
 
15,120
  
 
 
12,531
  
 
 
13,659
  
 
 
54,366
  

 Net income
  
 
5,410
  
 
 
6,634
  
 
 

5,232

 (a) 

 
 

5,874

 (b) 

 
 
23,150
  

 Basic earnings per share
  
 
0.63
  
 
 
0.78
  
 
 
0.62
  
 
 
0.70
  
 
 
2.73
  

 Diluted earnings per share
  
 
0.62
  
 
 
0.77
  
 
 
0.61
  
 
 
0.69
  
 
 
2.69
  



 



 



 



 











Fiscal Year 2010
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 








 Revenue
  
$
12,920

 
(d) 
 
$
19,022

 
(c) 
 
$
14,503
  
 
$
16,039
  
 
$
62,484
  

 Gross profit
  
 
10,078
  
 
 
15,394
  
 
 
11,748
  
 
 
12,869
  
 
 
50,089
  

 Net income
  
 
3,574
  
 
 
6,662
  
 
 
4,006
  
 
 
4,518
  
 
 
18,760
  

 Basic earnings per share
  
 
0.40
  
 
 
0.75
  
 
 
0.46
  
 
 
0.52
  
 
 
2.13
  

 Diluted earnings per share
  
 
0.40
  
 
 
0.74
  
 
 
0.45
  
 
 
0.51
  
 
 
2.10
  
  


(a)
 Includes a partial settlement of an I.R.S. audit of tax years 2004 to 2006, which increased net income by $461 million. 


(b)
 Reflects an effective tax rate of 7% due mainly to the adjustment of our previously estimated effective tax rate for the year to reflect the actual full
year mix of foreign and U.S. taxable income. In addition, upon completion of our annual domestic and foreign tax returns, we adjusted the estimated tax provision to reflect the tax returns filed and recorded an income tax benefit which lowered our
effective tax rate.  


(c)
 Reflects $1.7 billion of revenue recognized for sales of Windows Vista with a guarantee to be upgraded to Windows 7 at minimal or no cost and of Windows 7
to original equipment manufacturers and retailers before general availability (the “Windows 7 Deferral”).  


(d)
 Reflects $1.5 billion of revenue deferred to future periods relating to the Windows 7 Deferral.  
  84 


Table of Contents

 

PART II  Item 8 
 
 
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Microsoft Corporation:  We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Microsoft Corporation and subsidiaries (the “Company”) as of June 30, 2011 and 2010, and the related consolidated statements of income,
cash flows, and stockholders’ equity for each of the three years in the period ended June 30, 2011. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on
these financial statements based on our audits.  We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on
a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial
statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.  In our opinion, such consolidated
financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Microsoft Corporation and subsidiaries as of June 30, 2011 and 2010, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years
in the period ended June 30, 2011, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.  We
have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2011, based on the criteria established in
Internal Control – Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated July 28, 2011, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company’s internal control over
financial reporting.  /s/    DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP 
Seattle, Washington  July 28,
2011 
  85 


Table of Contents

 

PART II  Item 9, 9A 
 
 
ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON
ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE  Not applicable.  ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  Under the supervision and
with the participation of our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we have evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as required by Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(b) as of the end of
the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that these disclosure controls and procedures are effective. 
REPORT OF MANAGEMENT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the company. Internal control
over financial reporting is a process to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Internal
control over financial reporting includes maintaining records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect our transactions; providing reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary for preparation of our financial
statements; providing reasonable assurance that receipts and expenditures of company assets are made in accordance with management authorization; and providing reasonable assurance that unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of company assets
that could have a material effect on our financial statements would be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting is not intended to provide absolute assurance that a
misstatement of our financial statements would be prevented or detected.  Management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our
internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control – Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation, management concluded
that the company’s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of June 30, 2011. There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended June 30, 2011 that have materially
affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Deloitte & Touche LLP has audited our internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2011; their report is included in
Item 9A. 
  86 


Table of Contents

 

PART II  Item 9A 
 
 
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Microsoft Corporation:  We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Microsoft Corporation and subsidiaries (the “Company”) as of June 30, 2011, based on criteria established in Internal Control
– Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. The Company’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its
assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Report of Management on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s
internal control over financial reporting based on our audit.  We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material
respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on
the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the company’s principal
executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, and effected by the company’s board of directors, management, and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that
(1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as
necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors
of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
 Because of the inherent limitations of internal control over financial reporting, including the possibility of collusion or improper
management override of controls, material misstatements due to error or fraud may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Also, projections of any evaluation of the effectiveness of the internal control over financial reporting to
future periods are subject to the risk that the controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2011,
based on the criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.  We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended June 30, 2011, of the
Company and our report dated July 28, 2011, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 
/s/    DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP 
Seattle, Washington  July 28,
2011 
  87 


Table of Contents

 

PART II, III  Item 9B, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14 
 
 
ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
Not applicable.  PART III
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
A list of our executive officers and biographical information appears in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-K. Information about our directors may
be found under the caption “Our Director Nominees” in our Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held November 15, 2011 (the “Proxy Statement”). Information about our Audit Committee may be found under
the caption “Board Committees” in the Proxy Statement. That information is incorporated herein by reference.  The information
in the Proxy Statement set forth under the caption “Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance” is incorporated herein by reference.  We have adopted the Microsoft Finance Code of Professional Conduct (the “finance code of ethics”), a code of ethics that applies to our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting
Officer and Corporate Controller, and other finance organization employees. The finance code of ethics is publicly available on our Web site at www.microsoft.com/investor/CorporateGovernance/BoardofDirectors/Contacts/MSFinanceCode.aspx. If we make
any substantive amendments to the finance code of ethics or grant any waiver, including any implicit waiver, from a provision of the code to our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, or Chief Accounting Officer and Corporate Controller,
we will disclose the nature of the amendment or waiver on that Web site or in a report on Form 8-K. 
ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION  The information in the Proxy Statement set forth under the captions “Director Compensation,” “Named Executive Officer Compensation,” “Compensation Committee Report,” and
“Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation” is incorporated herein by reference. 
ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS
 The information in the Proxy Statement set forth under the captions “Information Regarding Beneficial Ownership of Principal
Shareholders, Directors, and Management” and “Equity Compensation Plan Information” is incorporated herein by reference. 
ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
The information set forth in the Proxy Statement under the captions “Director Independence” and “Certain Relationships and Related
Transactions” is incorporated herein by reference.  ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND
SERVICES  Information concerning principal accountant fees and services appears in the Proxy Statement under the headings “Fees
Billed by Deloitte & Touche” and “Policy on Audit Committee Pre-Approval of Audit and Permissible Non-Audit Services of Independent Auditor” and is incorporated herein by reference. 
  88 


Table of Contents

 

PART IV  Item 15 
 
 
PART IV  ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES   


(a)
 Financial Statements and Schedules  The financial statements are set forth under Item 8 of this Form 10-K, as indexed below. Financial statement schedules have been omitted since they either are not required, not applicable, or the information
is otherwise included.   








Index to Financial Statements
  
Page
 







 Income Statements
  
 
46
  




 Balance Sheets
  
 
47
  




 Cash Flows Statements
  
 
48
  




 Stockholders’ Equity Statements
  
 
49
  




 Notes to Financial Statements
  
 
50
  




 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
  
 
85
  
  


(b)
 Exhibit Listing   
























 
  
 
  
 
  
Incorporated by Reference
 

ExhibitNumber
  
Exhibit Description
  
 Filed
Herewith
  
Form
 
  
 Period
Ending
 
  
Exhibit
 
  
Filing Date
 









3.1
  
Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Microsoft Corporation
  
 
  
 
10-Q
  
  
 
12/31/09
  
  
 
3.1
  
  
 
1/28/10
  









3.2
  
Bylaws of Microsoft Corporation
  
 
  
 
10-Q
  
  
 
12/31/09
  
  
 
3.2
  
  
 
1/28/10
  









4.1
  
Form of Indenture between Microsoft Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee (“Base Indenture”)
  
 
  
 
3-ASR
  
  
 
 
 
  
 
4.1
  
  
 
11/20/08
  









4.2
  
Form of First Supplemental Indenture for 2.95% Notes due 2014, 4.20% Notes due 2019, and 5.20% Notes due 2039, dated as of May 18, 2009, between Microsoft Corporation and The Bank of New York
Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee, to the Base Indenture
  
 
  
 
8-K
  
  
 
 
 
  
 
4.2
  
  
 
5/15/09
  









4.3
  
Indenture, dated as of June 14, 2010, between Microsoft Corporation and the Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee
  
 
  
 
8-K
  
  
 
 
 
  
 
4.1
  
  
 
6/18/10
  









4.4
  
Form of Global Note representing the Zero Coupon Convertible Senior Notes due 2013
  
 
  
 
8-K
  
  
 
 
 
  
 
4.2
  
  
 
6/18/10
  









4.5
  
Form of Second Supplemental Indenture for 0.875% Notes due 2013, 1.625% Notes due 2015, 3.00% Notes due 2020, and 4.50% Notes due 2040, dated as of September 27, 2010, between Microsoft
Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee, to the Indenture, dated as of May 18, 2009, between Microsoft Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee
  
 
  
 
8-K
  
  
 
 
 
  
 
4.5
  
  
 
9/27/10
  
  89 


Table of Contents

 

PART IV  Item 15 
 
 


























 
  
 
  
 
 
  
Incorporated by Reference
 

ExhibitNumber
  
Exhibit Description
  
 Filed
Herewith
 
  
Form
 
  
 Period
Ending
 
  
Exhibit
 
  
Filing Date
 









4.6
  
Third Supplemental Indenture for 2.500% Notes due 2016, 4.000% Notes due 2021, and 5.300% Notes due 2041, dated as of February 8, 2011, between Microsoft Corporation and The Bank of New York
Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee, to the Indenture, dated as of May 18, 2009, between Microsoft Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee
  
 
 
 
  
 
8-K
  
  
 
 
 
  
 
4.6
  
  
 
2/8/11
  









10.1*
  
Microsoft Corporation 2001 Stock Plan
  
 
 
 
  
 
8-K
  
  
 
 
 
  
 
99.2
  
  
 
7/20/06
  









10.2*
  
Microsoft Corporation 1991 Stock Option Plan
  
 
 
 
  
 
8-K
  
  
 
 
 
  
 
99.1
  
  
 
7/20/06
  









10.3*
  
Microsoft Corporation 1999 Stock Plan for Non-Employee Directors
  
 
 
 
  
 
8-K
  
  
 
 
 
  
 
10.3
  
  
 
11/15/04
  









10.4*
  
Microsoft Corporation 2003 Employee Stock Purchase Plan
  
 
 
 
  
 
10-K
  
  
 
6/30/04
  
  
 
10.6
  
  
 
9/1/04
  









10.5*
  
Microsoft Corporation Deferred Compensation Plan
  
 
X
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 









10.6*
  
Form of Stock Award Agreement under the Microsoft Corporation 2001 Stock Plan
  
 
 
 
  
 
10-K
  
  
 
 
 
  
 
10.8
  
  
 
8/25/06
  









10.7*
  
Form of Stock Award Agreement for Non-Employee Directors under the Microsoft Corporation 1999 Stock Plan for Non-Employee Directors
  
 
 
 
  
 
10-K
  
  
 
6/30/04
  
  
 
10.9
  
  
 
9/1/04
  









10.8*
  
Form of Shared Performance Stock Award Agreement under the Microsoft Corporation 2001 Stock Plan for the January 1, 2004 to June 30, 2006 performance period
  
 
 
 
  
 
10-K
  
  
 
6/30/04
  
  
 
10.10
  
  
 
9/1/04
  









10.9*
  
Form of Shared Performance Stock Award Agreement under the Microsoft Corporation 2001 Stock Plan for the July 1, 2003 to June 30, 2006 performance period
  
 
 
 
  
 
10-K
  
  
 
6/30/04
  
  
 
10.11
  
  
 
9/1/04
  









10.10*
  
Form of Stock Option Agreement under the Microsoft Corporation 2001 Stock Plan
  
 
 
 
  
 
10-K
  
  
 
6/30/04
  
  
 
10.12
  
  
 
9/1/04
  









10.11*
  
Form of Stock Option Agreement for Non-Employee Directors under the 1999 Stock Plan for Non-Employee Directors
  
 
 
 
  
 
10-K
  
  
 
6/30/04
  
  
 
10.13
  
  
 
9/1/04
  









10.12
  
2009 Officers’ Indemnification Trust Agreement between Microsoft Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, as trustee
  
 
 
 
  
 
10-K
 
  
 
6/30/10
  
  
 
10.12
  
  
 
7/30/10
  









10.13
  
Amended and Restated 2003 Indemnification Trust Agreement between Microsoft Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, as trustee
  
 
 
 
  
 
10-K
 
  
 
6/30/10
  
  
 
10.13
  
  
 
7/30/10
  









10.14*
  
Microsoft Corporation Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors
  
 
 
 
  
 
S-8
  
  
 
 
 
  
 
99.2
  
  
 
2/28/06
  









10.15*
  
Form of Shared Performance Stock Award Agreement under the Microsoft Corporation 2001 Stock Plan for the fiscal year 2007 performance period
  
 
 
 
  
 
10-K
  
  
 
6/30/07
  
  
 
10.17
  
  
 
8/3/07
  
  90 


Table of Contents

 

PART IV  Item 15 
 
 


























 
  
 
  
 
 
  
Incorporated by Reference
 

ExhibitNumber
  
Exhibit Description
  
 Filed
Herewith
 
  
Form
 
  
 Period
Ending
 
  
Exhibit
 
  
Filing Date
 









10.16*
  
Form of Shared Performance Stock Award Agreement under the Microsoft Corporation 2001 Stock Plan for the fiscal year 2008 performance period
  
 
 
 
  
 
10-Q
  
  
 
12/31/07
  
  
 
10.18
  
  
 
1/24/08
  









10.17*
  
Executive Officer Incentive Plan
  
 
 
 
  
 
10-Q
  
  
 
9/30/08
  
  
 
10.17
  
  
 
10/23/08
  









10.18*
  
Form of Executive Officer Incentive Plan Stock Award Agreement under the Microsoft Corporation 2001 Stock Plan
  
 
 
 
  
 
10-Q
  
  
 
9/30/10
  
  
 
10.18
  
  
 
10/28/10
  









10.19*
  
Annual Performance Bonus Plan for Executive Officers
  
 
 
 
  
 
10-Q
  
  
 
 
 
  
 
10.19
  
  
 
1/22/09
  









12
  
Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges
  
 
X
  
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 









21
  
Subsidiaries of Registrant
  
 
X
  
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 









23.1
  
Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
  
 
X
  
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 









31.1
  
Certifications of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
  
 
X
  
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 









31.2
  
Certifications of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
  
 
X
  
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 









32.1
  
Certifications of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
  
 
X
  
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 









32.2
  
Certifications of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
  
 
X
  
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 









101.INS**
  
XBRL Instance Document
  
 
X
  
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 









101.SCH**
  
XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema
  
 
X
  
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 









101.CAL**
  
XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase
  
 
X
  
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 









101.DEF**
  
XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase
  
 
X
  
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 









101.LAB**
  
XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase
  
 
X
  
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 









101.PRE**
  
XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase
  
 
X
  
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  


*
 Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement  


**
 Pursuant to Rule 406T of Regulation S-T, these interactive data files are deemed not filed or part of a registration statement or prospectus
for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933 or Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and otherwise are not subject to liability.  
  91 


Table of Contents

 
SIGNATURES 
Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be
signed on its behalf by the undersigned; thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Redmond, State of Washington, on July 28, 2011.   




MICROSOFT CORPORATION



/S/    FRANK H. BROD

Frank H. Brod

 Corporate Vice President, Finance and Administration; Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer)
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the
following persons on behalf of Registrant and in the capacities indicated on July 28, 2011.   






Signature
  
Title






 /S/    WILLIAM H. GATES
III         William H. Gates III
  
Chairman




 /S/    STEVEN A.
BALLMER         Steven A. Ballmer
  
Director and Chief Executive Officer




 /S/    DINA
DUBLON         Dina Dublon
  
Director




 /S/    RAYMOND V.
GILMARTIN         Raymond V. Gilmartin
  
Director




 /S/    REED
HASTINGS         Reed Hastings
  
Director




 /S/    MARIA
KLAWE         Maria Klawe
  
Director




 /S/    DAVID F.
MARQUARDT         David F. Marquardt
  
Director




 /S/    CHARLES H.
NOSKI         Charles H. Noski
  
Director




 /S/    HELMUT
PANKE         Helmut Panke
  
Director




 /S/    PETER S.
KLEIN        
Peter S. Klein
  
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial
Officer)




 /S/    FRANK H.
BROD        
Frank H. Brod
  
 Corporate Vice President, Finance and Administration; Chief Accounting Officer
(Principal Accounting Officer)

  92 




EX-10.5
2
dex105.htm
MICROSOFT CORPORATION DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN


Microsoft Corporation Deferred Compensation Plan


Exhibit 10.5  MICROSOFT CORPORATION  DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN 
(Restated Effective as of June 14, 2011)  1. Purpose.  The purpose of the Microsoft Corporation Deferred Compensation
Plan (the “Plan”) is to further the long-term growth of Microsoft Corporation (the “Company”) by allowing selected Company executives and other senior management or highly compensated employees to defer receipt of certain
compensation in order to keep their financial interests aligned with the Company and provide them with a long-term incentive to continue employment with the Company.  The Plan was formerly known as the 1998 Microsoft Corporation Stock Option Gain and Bonus Deferral Program. The name of the Plan was changed pursuant to a restatement effective January 1, 2006.
 This Plan is intended (1) to comply with section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code, as amended (the “Code”)
and official guidance issued thereunder (except with respect to amounts covered by Appendix B), and (2) to be “a plan which is unfunded and is maintained by an employer primarily for the purpose of providing deferred compensation for a
select group of management or highly compensated employees” within the meaning of sections 201(2), 301(a)(3) and 401(a)(1) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Plan, this Plan shall
be interpreted, operated and administered in a manner consistent with these intentions.  2. Effective Date. 
The Plan was originally effective November 18, 1998. Except as specifically set forth below, this restatement of the Plan is
effective as of June 14, 2011, and includes changes that apply to amounts that were earned and vested (within the meaning of Code section 409A and regulations thereunder) under the Plan prior to 2005. 
3. Definitions. 
Account – means a bookkeeping account established by the Company for each Participant electing to defer Eligible Income under
the Plan, which may include sub-accounts for different types of Eligible Income deferred and for amounts payable at different times and/or payable in different forms. 


Acquisition Retention Bonus – means a bonus provided to a Newly Hired Eligible
Employee who continues employment with the Company or a Designated Subsidiary after the acquisition of a business by the Company or a Designated Subsidiary or who begins employment with the Company or a Designated Subsidiary as part of a strategic
alliance.  Acquisition Signing Bonus – means a bonus provided to a Newly Hired Eligible Employee upon acceptance
of an offer to continue employment with the Company or a Designated Subsidiary after the acquisition of a business by the Company or a Designated Subsidiary or to begin employment with the Company or Designated Subsidiary as part of a strategic
alliance.  Affiliate – means any corporation or other entity that is treated as a single employer with the Company
under Code section 414.  Annual Base Salary – means the regular annual base salary paid to an Eligible Employee.
 Board – means the Board of Directors of Microsoft Corporation. 
Code – means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
Company – means Microsoft Corporation.  Date of Hire – means the date of a Participant’s first day of active employment with the Company and its Affiliates. 
Designated Subsidiary – means a subsidiary of the Company that has been approved for participation in the Plan by the Senior
HR Officer. A listing of the Designated Subsidiaries is in Appendix A.  Disabled – means: 
(a) A Participant (1) is unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or
mental impairment which can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months, or (2) is, by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected to
result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months, receiving income replacement benefits for a period of not less than 3 months under an accident and health plan covering employees of the
participant’s employer.  (b) The Plan Administrator, in its complete and sole discretion, shall determine whether a
Participant is Disabled. The Plan Administrator may require that the Participant submit to an examination on an annual basis, at the expense of the Company, by a competent physician or medical clinic selected by the Plan Administrator to assist in
determining whether the Participant is Disabled. On the basis of such medical evidence, the determination of the Plan Administrator as to whether or not the Participant is Disabled (or whether he continues to be Disabled) shall be conclusive.

  2 


Eligible Employee – means: 
(a) An Employee of the Company or a Designated Subsidiary working in the U.S. at the Company’s stock level 68 or above. 
(b) An Employee meeting the criteria of subsection (a) will not fail to be considered an Eligible Employee solely as a result of
being on paid or unpaid leave.  Eligible Income – means compensation which may be deferred under the Plan, as from
time to time determined by the Plan Administrator, including without limitation (1) Regular Enrollment Compensation and (2) New Hire Enrollment Compensation. Amounts will qualify as “Eligible Income” only if the Participant is on
the U.S. payroll of the Company or its Affiliates at the time the amount is payable to the Participant absent deferral. 
Employee – means an individual who is a regular employee on the U.S. payroll of the Company or its Affiliates. The term
“Employee” shall not include a person hired as an independent contractor, leased employee, consultant, or a person otherwise designated by the Company or an Affiliate as not eligible to participate in the Plan, even if such person is
determined to be a common law employee of the Company or an Affiliate by any governmental or judicial authority.  ERISA
– means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended.  Fiscal Year Compensation – means
“fiscal year compensation” as defined under Treas. Reg. § 1.409A-2(a)(6) or any successor thereto. 
Hire Date – means the date an Employee becomes employed by the Company or a Designated Subsidiary. In the case of an
individual who becomes an Employee upon the acquisition of a business by the Company or a Designated Subsidiary, the Employee’s “Hire Date” shall be his transfer date. 
Investment Options – means a set of investment options, which may include investment options offered under the 401(k) Plan,
and which are from time to time determined by the Plan Administrator and used to credit earnings, gains, and losses on Account balances.  Key Employee – means an employee treated as a “specified employee” under Code section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) as of his Separation from Service (i.e., a key employee (as defined under Code
section 416(i) without regard to paragraph (5) thereof) of a corporation any stock of which is publicly traded on an established securities market or otherwise). Key Employees shall be determined in accordance with Code section 409A, using a
December 31 identification date. A listing of Key Employees as of an identification date shall be effective for the 12-month period beginning on the April 1 following the identification date. 
  3 


New Hire Enrollment Compensation – means compensation for a Newly Hired Eligible
Employee which is from time to time determined by the Plan Administrator, including without limitation a (1) New Hire Signing Bonus, (2) Acquisition Retention Bonus, and (3) Acquisition Signing Bonus. 
New Hire Signing Bonus – means a bonus provided to a Newly Hired Eligible Employee upon acceptance of an offer of employment
with the Company or a Designated Subsidiary.  Newly Hired Eligible Employee – means an individual hired by the
Company or a Designated Subsidiary who meets the criteria for an Eligible Employee on his Hire Date, provided that an individual who has previously worked for the Company or an Affiliate will only qualify as a “Newly Hired Eligible
Employee” if he meets the requirements of Treas. Reg. § 1.409A-2(a)(7) or any successor thereto. Generally, a re-hired individual will meet these requirements if (1) he has been paid any and all amounts due him under the Plan
(and any plans required to be aggregated with the Plan under Code section 409A) prior to re-hire, or (2) he has not been eligible to participate, other than the accrual of earnings, in the Plan (or any other plan required to be aggregated with
the Plan under Code section 409A) for at least 24 months.  Open Enrollment – means the period or periods during
each Plan Year when Eligible Employees may elect to defer amounts under the Plan. Open Enrollment shall be held at the time or times designated by the Plan Administrator.  Participant – means an Eligible Employee who elects to defer Eligible Income under the Plan.  Performance-Based Compensation – means “performance-based compensation” as defined under Code section 409A.  Performance Review Bonus – means the amount payable to an Eligible Employee as an annual bonus that is awarded in connection with the Company’s annual Performance Review process under the
Performance Review Bonus Plan or the cash portion of awards under the Executive Incentive Plan.  Plan – means the
Microsoft Corporation Deferred Compensation Plan, as amended from time to time.  Plan Administrator – means the
Senior HR Officer or, with respect to the eligibility of executive officers of the Company to participate in the Plan, the Compensation Committee of the Board.  Plan Year – means the 12-month period from January 1 to December 31. 
  4 


Regular Enrollment Compensation – means compensation which is from time to time
determined by the Plan Administrator, including without limitation (1) Annual Base Salary, and (2) Performance Review Bonus.  Retirement – means a Separation from Service after attaining Retirement Age.  Retirement Age – means one specified date for each Participant occurring on the earlier of: (1) Participant’s attainment of age sixty-five (65), or (2) the later of
Participant’s attainment of age fifty-five (55) or the tenth (10th) anniversary of his Date of Hire. When an Employee becomes eligible to participate in the Plan, the Plan Administrator shall determine the Retirement Age for the
Employee as one specified date in accordance with the foregoing.  Senior HR Officer – means the senior officer in
charge of the Human Resources department.  Separation from Service – means a “separation from service”
with the Company and its Affiliates within the meaning of Code section 409A.  401(k) Plan – means the Microsoft
Corporation Savings Plus 401(k) Plan.  4. Participation.  4.1 An Eligible Employee becomes an active Participant in the Plan on the date he first enrolls in the Plan by electing to defer all or any portion of his Eligible Income. An Eligible Employee may enroll
in the Plan during Open Enrollment in accordance with Section 5.1(b)(i) or pursuant to Section 5.1(c). A Newly Hired Eligible Employee may enroll before his Hire Date in accordance with 5.1(b)(ii). 
4.2 An Eligible Employee who has been an active Participant under the Plan will cease to be a Participant on the date his Account is
fully distributed.  5. Participant Accounts.  5.1 Elections to Defer Eligible Income.  (a) Initial Deferral
Election. An Eligible Employee may make an irrevocable election to defer the following types of Eligible Income in one (1) percent increments up to the specified maximum percentages: 
(i) An Eligible Employee may elect to defer up to 50% of his Annual Base Salary. 
(ii) An Eligible Employee may elect to defer up to 100% of a Performance Review Bonus. 
  5 


(iii) An Eligible Employee may elect to defer up to 90% of New Hire Enrollment
Compensation.  Eligible Employees are not permitted to defer gains on the exercise of a stock option under the Plan after December 31,
2004.  (b) Time and Manner of Making an Initial Election. 
(i) An Eligible Employee may make an election to defer one or more types of Regular Enrollment Compensation during an Open Enrollment
period that occurs in the Plan Year preceding the Plan Year in which the Regular Enrollment Compensation begins to be earned. A deferral election shall be made in accordance with procedures established by the Plan Administrator. An Employee’s
election during such an Open Enrollment period will not be given effect if the Employee ceases to be an Eligible Employee by the last day of the month in which the Open Enrollment period occurs. 
(ii) A Newly Hired Eligible Employee may make an election to defer one or more types of New Hire Enrollment Compensation in accordance
with procedures established by the Plan Administrator, provided such election occurs before his Hire Date and such election shall only apply to amounts earned after the election is filed. A Newly Hired Eligible Employee may make an election to defer
Regular Enrollment Compensation during an Open Enrollment period that follows or coincides with his Hire Date.  (c)
Alternative Election Deadlines. Notwithstanding the rules in subsection (b), if the Plan Administrator, in its sole discretion, determines that:  (i) Eligible Income constitutes Performance-Based Compensation that is based on services performed over a performance period of at least twelve (12) months, the Plan Administrator may establish
procedures, including an Open Enrollment period, under which an Eligible Employee may elect to defer such Performance-Based Compensation, but such election must be made no later than six (6) months before the end of the performance period; or
 (ii) Eligible Income constitutes Fiscal Year Compensation, the Plan Administrator may establish procedures, including an
Open Enrollment period, under which an Eligible Employee may elect to defer such Fiscal Year Compensation, but such election must be made no later than the last day of the Company’s fiscal year immediately preceding the first fiscal year in
which services are performed related to such Eligible Income.  An Employee’s election under this Section will not be
given effect if the Employee ceases to be an Eligible Employee by the deadline stated above for making such an election. 
  6 


(d) Cancellation of Election. If a Participant becomes Disabled, receives a hardship
withdrawal under the 401(k) Plan, or obtains a distribution under Section 6.6 on account of an unforeseeable emergency during a Plan Year, his deferral election for such Plan Year shall be cancelled. 
5.2 Crediting of Deferrals. Eligible Income deferred by a Participant under the Plan shall be credited to the Participant’s
Account as soon as practicable after the amounts would have otherwise been paid to the Participant.  5.3 Vesting. A
Participant shall at all times be one-hundred (100) percent vested in any amounts credited to his Account.  5.4
Investments and Earnings. The Company shall periodically credit gains, losses and earnings to a Participant’s Account, until the full balance of the Account has been distributed. Amounts shall be credited to a Participant’s Account
under this Section based on the results that would have been achieved had amounts credited to the Account been invested as soon as practicable after crediting into the Investment Options selected by the Participant. The Plan Administrator shall
specify procedures to allow Participants to make elections as to the deemed investment of amounts newly credited to their Accounts, as well as the deemed investment of amounts previously credited to their Accounts. Nothing in this Section or
otherwise in the Plan, however, will require the Company to actually invest any amounts in such Investment Options or otherwise.  5.5 Employment Taxes. The Participant’s share of FICA and FUTA taxes owed on Eligible Income the Participant elects to defer shall be deducted from other compensation payable to the
Participant.  6. Distribution of Account Balances.  6.1 Distribution Form.  (a) A Participant may elect to have amounts
deferred under the Plan (and earnings thereon) distributed in a lump sum payment or in annual installments over a period ranging from three (3) to fifteen (15) years. 
(b) A Participant must specify the form in which a deferred amount (and earnings thereon) will be distributed at the time of making the
initial deferral election under Section 5.1.  (c) Notwithstanding the distribution form elected under subsection (a), if
at the time a portion of a Participant’s Account is to be distributed, the portion of the balance to be distributed is less than $50,000, that portion shall be distributed in a lump sum payment at such time, provided that this subsection
(c) shall not apply to any amounts deferred under the Plan pursuant to a deferral election that becomes irrevocable on or after June 30, 2011 (and earnings thereon). 
  7 


(d) Distribution of a Participant’s Account balance shall be made in cash. 
6.2 Distribution Time.  (a) A Participant may elect to have distribution of a deferred amount (and earnings thereon) commence as of the following dates:  (i) A specified time (a particular month and year); or  (ii) Upon the
Participant’s Retirement.  (b) A Participant must specify the date on which distributions will commence at the time of
making the initial deferral election under Section 5.1.  (c) If a Participant elects to have a deferred amount
distributed as of a specified time, the specified time must be at least twelve (12) months after the date on which the final payment of the deferred amount would have been made to the Participant absent deferral. 
6.3 Distribution Upon Retirement / Separation From Service. 
(a) If a Participant reaches Retirement Age prior to having a Separation from Service, the distribution election under Section 6.2(a)
will commence as follows:  (i) If the Participant elected commencement upon Retirement, the distribution will commence in the
month following Retirement.  (ii) If the Participant elected commencement upon a specified time, the distribution will
commence in the specified month and year.  (b) Notwithstanding a Participant’s elections under Sections 6.1 and 6.2, upon
a Participant’s Separation from Service prior to reaching Retirement Age, his Account balance shall be distributed in an immediate lump sum payment in the month following the Separation from Service. 
(c) Except as otherwise permitted under IRS guidance, if a distribution is to be made upon the Separation from Service of a Key Employee,
distribution may not be made before the date which is six months after the date of the Key Employee’s Separation from Service (or, if earlier, the date of death of the Key Employee). Any payments that would otherwise be made during this period
of delay shall be paid in accordance with the elected distribution method in the seventh month following Separation from Service (or, if earlier, the month after the Key Employee’s death). 
  8 


6.4 Distribution Upon Disability. Notwithstanding a Participant’s elections
under Sections 6.1 and 6.2, if a Participant becomes Disabled prior to attaining Retirement Age while employed with the Company or an Affiliate, his Account balance shall be distributed in an immediate lump sum payment in the month following the
date the Participant becomes Disabled.  6.5 Distributions Upon Death. 
(a) Notwithstanding a Participant’s elections under Sections 6.1 and 6.2, if a Participant dies prior to attaining Retirement Age
while employed with the Company or an Affiliate, his Account balance shall be distributed to the Participant’s beneficiary in an immediate single lump sum payment in the month following the date of the Participant’s death. 
(b) A Participant shall designate his beneficiary prior to death in accordance with procedures established by the Plan Administrator. If
a Participant has not properly designated a beneficiary or if no designated beneficiary is living on the date of distribution, such amount shall be distributed to the Participant’s beneficiary designated under the 401(k) Plan, or if no
designated beneficiary under the 401(k) Plan is living, in accordance with the default provisions under the 401(k) Plan.  (c)
For purposes of determining the proper death beneficiary under this Plan, this Plan shall not be interpreted as preempting applicable state law regarding the ownership rights of Accounts upon a Participant’s death. For example, although this
Plan states that upon a Participant’s death, Account balances will be paid to his beneficiary, the personal representative will be obligated to pay any benefits owed to a spouse or otherwise as a result of any applicable community property
laws.  6.6 Withdrawals for Unforeseeable Emergency. A Participant may withdraw all or any portion of his Account
balance for an Unforeseeable Emergency. The amounts distributed with respect to an Unforeseeable Emergency may not exceed the amounts necessary to satisfy such Unforeseeable Emergency plus amounts necessary to pay taxes reasonably anticipated as a
result of the distribution, after taking into account the extent to which such hardship is or may be relieved through reimbursement or compensation by insurance or otherwise or by liquidation of the Participant’s assets (to the extent the
liquidation of such assets would not itself cause severe financial hardship) or by cessation of deferrals under the Plan. “Unforeseeable Emergency” means for this purpose a severe financial hardship to a Participant resulting from an
illness or accident of the Participant, the Participant’s spouse, or a dependent of the Participant, loss of the Participant’s property due to casualty, or other similar extraordinary and unforeseeable circumstances arising as a result of
events beyond the control of the Participant. 
  9 


Except as otherwise permitted under IRS guidance, a Participant shall be required to take
any available hardship withdrawals from the 401(k) Plan before being eligible to receive a withdrawal under this section.  6.7
Changes in Time or Form of Distribution. A Participant may make one or more subsequent elections to change the time or form of a distribution to be made as of a specified time or upon the occurrence of a distributable event for a deferred
amount, but such an election will be effective only if the following conditions are satisfied:  (a) The election may not take
effect until at least twelve (12) months after the date on which the election is made;  (b) A distribution may not be
made earlier than at least five (5) years from the date the distribution would have otherwise been made;  (c) In the case
of an election to change the time or form of a distribution payable as of a specified time, the election must be made at least twelve (12) months before the date of the first scheduled distribution; and 
(d) The election may not result in an impermissible acceleration of payment prohibited under Code section 409A. 
6.8 Effect of Taxation. If a portion of the Participant’s Account balance is includible in income under Code section 409A,
such portion shall be distributed immediately to the Participant.  6.9 Payment of Taxes. If state, local, or foreign
tax obligations arise from participation in the Plan that apply to an amount deferred under the Plan before such amount is paid or made available to the Participant (the “Taxes”), the Company shall pay a portion of such deferred amount by
distribution (a) to the Participant in the form of withholding pursuant to provisions of applicable state, local, or foreign law; or (b) directly to the Participant. In no event shall the total payment under this Section 6.9 exceed
the aggregate amount of the Taxes, and the income tax withholding related to such Taxes.  6.10 Settlement of Bona Fide
Dispute. Subject to certain presumptions under Code section 409A, if an arm’s length, bona fide dispute between a Participant and the Company arises as to the Participant’s right to an amount deferred under the Plan, the payment of the
deferred amount as part of a settlement of such dispute shall be distributed immediately to the Participant.  6.11 Offset
for Obligations to Company. If the Participant has any debt, obligation or other liability representing an amount owing to the Company (the “Debt”), incurred in the ordinary course of his employment relationship, the Company shall
offset the Debt against the Participant’s Account balance. The Company shall reduce the Participant’s Account balance in 
  10 



satisfaction of the Debt at the same time and in the same amount as the Debt otherwise would have been due and collected from the Participant; provided however, in no event shall the amount of
such offset in any of the Company’s taxable years exceed $5,000.  6.12 2005 Deferred Compensation. Except as
provided in Appendix C, Sections 6.1-6.11 shall govern the distribution of compensation earned and deferred under the Plan during the 2005 Plan Year.  6.13 Pre-2005 Deferrals. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Appendix B governs the distribution of amounts that were earned and vested (within the meaning of Code section 409A and regulations
thereunder) under the Plan prior to 2005 (and earnings thereon) and are exempt from the requirements of Code section 409A.  7.
Administration.  7.1 General Administration. The Plan Administrator shall be responsible for the operation and
administration of the Plan and for carrying out the provisions hereof. The Plan Administrator shall have the full authority and discretion to make, amend, interpret, and enforce all appropriate rules and regulations for the administration of this
Plan and decide or resolve any and all questions, including interpretations of this Plan, as may arise in connection with this Plan. Except as otherwise provided in Section 7.2, any such action taken by the Plan Administrator shall be final and
conclusive on any party. To the extent the Plan Administrator has been granted discretionary authority under the Plan, the Plan Administrator’s prior exercise of such authority shall not obligate it to exercise its authority in a like fashion
thereafter. The Plan Administrator shall be entitled to rely conclusively upon all tables, valuations, certificates, opinions and reports furnished by any actuary, accountant, controller, counsel or other person employed or engaged by the Company
with respect to the Plan. The Plan Administrator may, from time to time, employ agents and delegate to such agents, including other employees of the Company, such administrative duties as it sees fit. 
7.2 Claims for Benefits.  (a) Filing a Claim. A Participant or his authorized representative may file a claim for benefits under the Plan. Any claim must be in writing and submitted to the Senior HR Officer at such address
as may be specified from time to time. Claimants will be notified in writing of approved claims, which will be processed as claimed. A claim is considered approved only if its approval is communicated in writing to a claimant. 
(b) Denial of Claim. In the case of the denial of a claim respecting benefits paid or payable with respect to a Participant, a
written notice will be furnished to the claimant within 90 days of the date on which the claim is received by the Senior HR Officer. If special circumstances (such as for a hearing) require a longer period, the claimant will be notified in writing,
prior to the expiration of the 90-day period, of the reasons for an extension of time; provided, however, that no extensions will be permitted beyond 90 days after the expiration of the initial 90-day period. 
  11 


(c) Reasons for Denial. A denial or partial denial of a claim will be dated and
signed by the Senior HR Officer and will clearly set forth:  (i) the specific reason or reasons for the denial; 
(ii) specific reference to pertinent Plan provisions on which the denial is based; 
(iii) a description of any additional material or information necessary for the claimant to perfect the claim and an explanation of why
such material or information is necessary; and  (iv) an explanation of the procedure for review of the denied or partially
denied claim set forth below, including the claimant’s right to bring a civil action under ERISA section 502(a) following an adverse benefit determination on review.  (d) Review of Denial. Upon denial of a claim, in whole or in part, a claimant or his duly authorized representative will have the right to submit a written request to the Senior HR Officer for a
full and fair review of the denied claim by filing a written notice of appeal with the Senior HR Officer within 60 days of the receipt by the claimant of written notice of the denial of the claim. A claimant or the claimant’s authorized
representative will have, upon request and free of charge, reasonable access to, and copies of, all documents, records, and other information relevant to the claimant’s claim for benefits and may submit issues and comments in writing. The
review will take into account all comments, documents, records, and other information submitted by the claimant relating to the claim, without regard to whether such information was submitted or considered in the initial benefit determination.
 If the claimant fails to file a request for review within 60 days of the denial notification, the claim will be deemed
abandoned and the claimant precluded from reasserting it. If the claimant does file a request for review, his request must include a description of the issues and evidence he deems relevant. Failure to raise issues or present evidence on review will
preclude those issues or evidence from being presented in any subsequent proceeding or judicial review of the claim.  (e)
Decision Upon Review. The Senior HR Officer will provide a prompt written decision on review. If the claim is denied on review, the decision shall set forth:  (i) the specific reason or reasons for the adverse determination;  (ii) specific
reference to pertinent Plan provisions on which the adverse determination is based;  (iii) a statement that the claimant is
entitled to receive, upon request and free of charge, reasonable access to, and copies of, all documents, records, and other information relevant to the claimant’s claim for benefits; and 
  12 


(iv) a statement describing any voluntary appeal procedures offered by the Plan and the
claimant’s right to obtain the information about such procedures, as well as a statement of the claimant’s right to bring an action under ERISA section 502(a).  A decision will be rendered no more than 60 days after the Senior HR Officer’s receipt of the request for review, except that such period may be extended for an additional 60 days if the Senior HR
Officer determines that special circumstances (such as for a hearing) require such extension. If an extension of time is required, written notice of the extension will be furnished to the claimant before the end of the initial 60-day period.
 (f) Finality of Determinations; Exhaustion of Remedies. To the extent permitted by law, decisions reached under the
claims procedures set forth in this Section shall be final and binding on all parties. No legal action for benefits under the Plan shall be brought unless and until the claimant has exhausted his remedies under this Section. In any such legal
action, the claimant may only present evidence and theories which the claimant presented during the claims procedure. Any claims which the claimant does not in good faith pursue through the review stage of the procedure shall be treated as having
been irrevocably waived. Judicial review of a claimant’s denied claim shall be limited to a determination of whether the denial was an abuse of discretion based on the evidence and theories the claimant presented during the claims procedure.
Any suit or legal action initiated by a claimant under the Plan must be brought by the claimant no later than one year following a final decision on the claim for benefits by the Senior HR Officer. The one-year limitation on suits for benefits will
apply in any forum where a claimant initiates such suit or legal action.  (g) Disability Claims. Claims for disability
benefits shall be determined under the DOL Regulation section 2560.503-1 which is hereby incorporated by reference.  8. Amendment and
Termination.  8.1 Amendment or Termination. The Company reserves the right to amend or terminate the Plan when, in
the sole discretion of the Company, such amendment or termination is advisable, pursuant to a resolution or other action taken by the Plan Administrator.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, no amendment of the Plan shall apply to amounts that were earned and vested (within the meaning of Code section 409A and regulations thereunder) under the Plan prior to
2005, unless the amendment specifically provides that it applies to such amounts. The purpose of this restriction is to prevent a Plan amendment from resulting in an inadvertent “material modification” to amounts that are
“grandfathered” and exempt from the requirements of Code section 409A.  8.2 Effect of Amendment or
Termination. No amendment or termination of the Plan shall decrease the amounts credited to a Participant’s Account as of such amendment or termination. Upon termination of the Plan, Participants’ Account balances shall be distributed
in accordance with the terms of Section 6, unless the Company determines in its sole discretion that all such amounts shall be distributed upon termination in accordance with the requirements under Code section 409A. 
  13 


9. General Provisions.  9.1 Rights Unsecured. The right of a Participant or his beneficiary to receive a distribution hereunder shall be an unsecured claim against the general assets of the Company, and neither the
Participant nor his beneficiary shall have any rights in or against any amount credited to any Account or any other assets of the Company. The Plan at all times shall be considered entirely unfunded for tax purposes. Any funds set aside by the
Company for the purpose of meeting its obligations under the Plan, including any amounts held by a trustee, shall continue for all purposes to be part of the general assets of the Company and shall be available to its general creditors in the event
of the Company’s bankruptcy or insolvency. The Company’s obligation under this Plan shall be that of an unfunded and unsecured promise to pay money in the future.  9.2 No Right to Eligible Income. Nothing in this Plan shall be construed to give any Eligible Employee any right to be granted Eligible Income or any other type of compensation. 
9.3 No Enlargement of Rights. No Participant or beneficiary shall have any right to receive a distribution under the Plan except
in accordance with the terms of the Plan. Establishment of the Plan shall not be construed to give any Participant the right to continue to be employed by or provide services to the Company or its affiliates or to employment that is not terminable
at will.  9.4 No Guarantee of Benefits. Nothing contained in the Plan shall constitute a guarantee by the Company or
any other person or entity that the assets of the Company will be sufficient to pay any benefits hereunder.  9.5
Nonalienation of Benefits. This Plan inures to the benefit of and is binding upon the parties hereto and their successors, heirs and assigns; provided, however, that the amounts credited to a Participant’s Account are not, except as
provided in Sections 9.6 and 6.11, subject in any manner to anticipation, alienation, sale, transfer, assignment, pledge, encumbrance, charge, garnishment, execution or levy of any kind, either voluntary or involuntary, and any attempt to
anticipate, alienate, sell, transfer, assign, pledge, encumber, charge or otherwise dispose of any right to any benefits payable hereunder, will be null and void and not binding on the Plan or the Company. 
9.6 Taxes. In addition to its rights under section 5.5, the Company or other payor may withhold from a benefit payment under the
Plan or a Participant’s wages any federal, state, or local taxes required by law to be withheld with respect to a payment or accrual under the Plan, and shall report such payments and other Plan-related information to the appropriate
governmental agencies as required under applicable law. 
  14 


9.7 Participant’s Cooperation. The Participant shall cooperate with the Company
by furnishing any and all information requested by the Plan Administrator in order to facilitate the payment of benefits hereunder, taking such physical examinations as the Plan Administrator may deem necessary and taking such other actions as may
be requested by the Plan Administrator. If the Participant refuses to cooperate, the Company shall have no further obligation to the Participant under the Plan.  9.8 Incapacity of Recipient. If any person entitled to a distribution under the Plan is deemed by the Plan Administrator to be incapable of personally receiving and giving a valid receipt for such
payment, then, unless and until a claim for such payment shall have been made by a duly appointed guardian or other legal representative of such person, the Plan Administrator may provide for such payment or any part thereof to be made to any other
person or institution then contributing toward or providing for the care and maintenance of such person. Any such payment shall be a payment for the account of such person and a complete discharge of any liability of the Company and the Plan with
respect to the payment.  9.9 Legally Binding. In the event of any consolidation, merger, acquisition or reorganization,
the obligations of the Company under this Plan shall continue and be binding on the Company and its successors or assigns. The rights, privileges, benefits and obligations under the Plan are intended to be legal obligations of the Company and
binding upon the Company, its successors and assigns.  9.10 Unclaimed Benefits. Each Participant shall keep the Plan
Administrator informed of his current address and the current address of his designated beneficiary. The Plan Administrator shall not be obligated to search for the whereabouts of any person if the location of a person is not made known to the Plan
Administrator.  9.11 Severability. In the event any provision of the Plan shall be held invalid or illegal for any
reason, any illegality or invalidity shall not affect the remaining parts of the Plan, but the Plan shall be construed and enforced as if the illegal or invalid provision had never been inserted. 
9.12 Words and Headings. Words in the masculine gender shall include the feminine and the singular shall include the plural, and
vice versa, unless qualified by the context. Any headings used herein are included for ease of reference only, and are not to be construed so as to alter the terms hereof.  9.13 Applicable Law and Venue. To the extent not preempted by federal law, the Plan shall be governed by the laws of the State of Washington. In the event the Company or any Participant (or
beneficiary) initiates litigation related to this Plan, the venue for such action will be in King County, Washington. 
  15 


9.14 Waiver of Breach. The waiver by the Company of any breach of any provision of
the Plan by the Participant shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any subsequent breach by the Participant.  9.15
Notice. Any notice or filing required or permitted to be given to the Plan Administrator under the Plan shall be sufficient if in writing and hand-delivered, or sent by first class mail to the principal office of the Company, directed to the
attention of the Plan Administrator. Such notice shall be deemed given as of the date of delivery, or, if delivery is made by mail, as of the date shown on the postmark.  9.16 Attorneys’ Fees and Costs. In the event that a dispute regarding benefits arises between the Company or Plan Administrator and a Participant (or beneficiary) and such dispute is resolved
through arbitration or litigation in court, the prevailing party(ies) shall be entitled to their reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs incurred in such action.  As approved by the Compensation Committee of Microsoft Corporation’s Board of Directors on June 14, 2011. 
  16 


APPENDIX A  DESIGNATED SUBSIDIARIES  (As of June 14, 2011)
 1429: Microsoft Licensing, GP  1654: MOL Corporation  1693: Vexcel Corporation 
1548: Microsoft Online, Inc. 
  17 


APPENDIX B  GRANDFATHERED AMOUNTS  Distribution of amounts that were earned and
vested (within the meaning of Code section 409A and regulations thereunder) under the Plan prior to 2005 (and earnings thereon) and are exempt from the requirements of Code section 409A shall be made in accordance with the Plan terms as in effect on
December 31, 2004 and as summarized in this Appendix B.  B.1 Timing. As soon as practicable following the final
day of the Deferral Period for a specific deferral, the Company will distribute to the Participant (or in the case of the Participant’s death, his estate), all proceeds in the Participant’s Deferred Bonus Account and will issue to the
Participant (or in the event of the Participant’s death, the personal representative or beneficiaries of his estate) shares of Stock credited to the Participant’s Deferred Stock Option Gain Account, that are attributed to that deferral.
With respect to a specific deferral, the final day of the Deferral Period shall be the earliest of the last day of the Deferral Period selected by the Participant or the date he has a Termination of Employment. Upon Termination of Employment, a
Participant will have the same rights with respect to an unexercised Option that he would have if he had not elected to defer the Stock Option Gain relating to that Option. The portion of a Participant’s Accounts that can be attributed to a
specific deferral shall be determined in the sole discretion of the Plan Administrator.  B.2 Extension of Deferral
Period. On a one-time basis with respect to each deferral, a Participant may elect in accordance with procedures established by the Plan Administrator to extend the Deferral Period for a Bonus or Stock Option Gain for an additional five (5),
seven (7), or ten (10) years, provided that such extension is elected in the calendar year prior, and at least six (6) months prior, to the expiration of the initial Deferral Period and the Participant is an Eligible Executive at the time
he makes the election to extend the Deferral Period.  B.3 Disability. In the event of a Participant’s Disability
and upon application by such Participant, the Plan Administrator may determine that payment of all, or part, of such Participant’s Accounts shall be made in a different manner, or on an earlier date than the time or times specified in Section
B.1 above, but only to the extent determined by the Plan Administrator to be reasonably required to satisfy the Participant’s need.  B.4 Investment of Accounts. Notwithstanding Section 5.4, a Participant shall not have the right to select among Investment Options for amounts credited to the Participant’s Deferred Stock
Option Gain Account. Such amounts shall be treated as if invested in Stock at all times. 
  18 


B.5 Definitions. For purposes of this Appendix B, the following terms shall have the
meanings indicated below:  Bonus means the amount payable by the Company to an Eligible Employee as an individual
performance bonus, executive bonus or any other bonus/incentive award that is approved by the Plan Administrator for deferral under the Plan.  Deferral Period means with respect to a specific deferral of a Bonus or Stock Option Gain, the period of five (5), seven (7), or ten (10) years from the date on which the corresponding Bonus
would otherwise have been paid or the date the Option was scheduled to expire had it not been exercised; provided that, in the event of the Participant’s Termination of Employment, the Deferral Period shall end on the date of Termination of
Employment.  Deferred Bonus Account means a bookkeeping account established for Bonuses deferred under the Plan.
 Deferred Stock Option Gain Account means a bookkeeping account established for Stock Option Gains deferred under the
Plan.  Disability means any long-term disability as defined under the Company’s long-term disability plan. The
Plan Administrator, in its complete and sole discretion, shall determine a Participant’s Disability. The Plan Administrator may require that the Participant submit to an examination on an annual basis, at the expense of the Company, by a
competent physician or medical clinic selected by the Plan Administrator to assist in the determination of Disability. On the basis of such medical evidence, the determination of the Plan Administrator as to whether or not a condition of Disability
exists or continues shall be conclusive.  Eligible Executive means a full-time employee of the Company who is
(i) an elected officer of the Company, (ii) at the level of Vice President or above, (iii) at Level 16 or above on the Company’s salary range, and (iv) working within the United States of America. In addition, the Plan
Administrator may, in his or her discretion, extend coverage to persons who are selected by the Plan Administrator and who either (y) meet all of the foregoing requirements except that they are working outside of the United States of America,
or (z) are officers of a subsidiary of the Company.  Mature Shares means shares of the Company’s Stock
delivered by a Participant in payment of the exercise price of an Option; provided that Mature Shares shall not include any shares of the Company’s Stock that may be received upon exercise of such Option, nor Stock that the Participant
purchased pursuant to a prior stock option exercise which occurred less than six months prior to the exercise of such Option. 
Option shall mean one or more non-qualified stock options, issued to a Participant under any stock option plan of the Company,
with respect to which the Participant has elected to defer the Stock Option Gain. Option shall not include any rights under the Company’s Employee Stock Purchase Plan.  Stock - means Microsoft Corporation common stock. 
  19 


Stock Option Gain means the number of shares underlying an Option minus the number of
Mature Shares required to pay the exercise price for those shares. For example, if a Participant elects to defer the gain on 100 shares and is required to deliver 10 shares of Stock as payment for the exercise price on the 100 shares, the Stock
Option Gain will be 90 shares.  Termination of Employment means the termination of the Participant’s employment
relationship with the Company for any reason including, without limitation, involuntary termination with or without cause, voluntary termination, disability, death, or retirement. 
  20 


APPENDIX C 
2005 DEFERRED COMPENSATION  This Appendix C sets forth the special rules applicable to compensation eligible for deferral under the Plan from January 1, 2005 through December 31, 2005. Unless otherwise defined herein,
capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Plan and Appendix B. 
C-1. 2005 Initial Deferral Elections. Notwithstanding anything in Section 5.1 of the Plan to the contrary and only with
respect to compensation earned during the 2005 Plan Year (“2005 Income”), an Eligible Employee may make an irrevocable election to defer up to 100% of a Bonus in ten (10) percent increments. Eligible Employees are not permitted to
defer gains on the exercise of a stock option under the Plan after December 31, 2004.  C-2. Time of Distribution.
The Company will distribute to the Participant (or in the case of the Participant’s death, his estate) all proceeds in the Participant’s Deferred Bonus Account that are attributed to a specific deferral upon the earlier of: (1) the
last day of the Deferral Period elected by the Participant; or (2) the date of the Participant’s Separation from Service; provided that, if a distribution is to be made upon the Separation from Service of a Key Employee, such distribution
is subject to the six month delay set forth in Section 6.3(c) of the Plan.  For purposes of this Appendix C,
“Deferral Period” means with respect to a specific deferral of a Bonus, the period, as elected by the Participant at the time of the deferral election, of five (5), seven (7), or ten (10) years from the date on which the corresponding
Bonus would otherwise have been paid.  C-3. Changes in Time or Form of Distribution. To the extent the Company allows a
Participant to make a subsequent election to change the time or form of distribution of 2005 Income deferred under the Plan, such election will be effective only if the conditions set forth in Section 6.7 of the Plan are satisfied. 
C-4. General Application of the Plan. Other than as set forth above, the terms of the Plan in all other respects and in compliance
with Code section 409A shall govern the distribution of 2005 Income deferred under the Plan from January 1, 2005 through December 31, 2005. 
  21 




EX-12
3
dex12.htm
COMPUTATION OF RATIO OF EARNINGS TO FIXED CHARGES


Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges



 
Exhibit 12  COMPUTATION OF RATIOS OF EARNINGS TO FIXED CHARGES   
























(In millions, except ratios)
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 











Year Ended June 30,
  
2011
 
 
2010
 
 
2009
 
 
2008
 
 
2007
 









Earnings (a)
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 Earnings from continuing operations before income taxes
  
$
  28,071
  
 
$
  25,013
  
 
$
  19,821
  
 
$
  23,814
  
 
$
  20,101
  

 Add: Fixed charges
  
 
349
  
 
 
207
  
 
 
88
  
 
 
151
  
 
 
271
  

 Add: Cash distributions from equity method investments
  
 
14
  
 
 
14
  
 
 
85
  
 
 
10
  
 
 
0
  

 Subtract: Income from equity method investments
  
 
110
  
 
 
18
  
 
 
81
  
 
 
62
  
 
 
62
  



 



 



 



 




 Total Earnings
  
$
28,324
  
 
$
25,216
  
 
$
19,913
  
 
$
23,913
  
 
$
20,310
  

 
  



 



 



 



 











 Fixed
Charges (b)
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 Interest expense
  
$
264
  
 
$
146
  
 
$
38
  
 
$
106
  
 
$
230
  

 Capitalized debt related expenses
  
 
31
  
 
 
5
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
0
  

 Interest component of rent expense
  
 
54
  
 
 
56
  
 
 
50
  
 
 
45
  
 
 
41
  



 



 



 



 




 Total Fixed Charges
  
$
349
  
 
$
207
  
 
$
88
  
 
$
151
  
 
$
271
  

 
  



 



 



 



 











 Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges
  
 
81
  
 
 
122
  
 
 
226
  
 
 
158
  
 
 
75
  
  


(a)
 Earnings represent earnings from continuing operations before income taxes and before income (losses) from equity method investments plus: (1) fixed
charges; and (2) cash distributions from equity method investments. 


(b)
 Fixed charges include: (1) interest expense; (2) capitalized debt issuance costs; and (3) the portion of operating rental expense which
management believes is representative of the interest component of rent expense.  




EX-21
4
dex21.htm
SUBSIDIARIES OF REGISTRANT


Subsidiaries of Registrant



 
Exhibit 21  SUBSIDIARIES OF REGISTRANT  The following is a list of subsidiaries of the Company as of
June 30, 2011, omitting subsidiaries which, considered in the aggregate, would not constitute a significant subsidiary.   






Name
  
Where Incorporated



 Microsoft Ireland Research
  
 Ireland

 Microsoft Capital Group, LLC
  
 United States

 Microsoft Global Finance
  
 Ireland

 Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited
  
 Ireland

 Microsoft Licensing, GP
  
 United States

 Microsoft Online, Inc.
  
 United States

 Microsoft Operations Pte Ltd
  
 Singapore

 Microsoft Operations Puerto Rico, LLC
  
 Puerto Rico

 Microsoft Regional Sales Corporation
  
 United States

 MOL Corporation
  
 United States





EX-23.1
5
dex231.htm
CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM


Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm



 
Exhibit 23.1  CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM  We consent to the incorporation by
reference in Registration Statement Nos. 333-120511, 333-109185, 333-06298, 333-16665, 333-118764, 333-91755, 333-52852, 333-102240, 33-36498, 333-132100, 333-132100, 333-161516, and 333-75243 on Form S-8 and Registration Statement Nos. 333-43449,
33-45617, 333-110107, 333-108843, and 333-155495 on Form S-3 of our reports dated July 28, 2011, relating to the financial statements of Microsoft Corporation and subsidiaries (the “Company”), and the effectiveness of the
Company’s internal control over financial reporting, appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Microsoft Corporation for the year ended June 30, 2011.  /s/    DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP  Seattle,
Washington  July 28, 2011 




EX-31.1
6
dex311.htm
CERTIFICATIONS OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302


CERTIFICATIONS OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302



 
Exhibit 31.1  CERTIFICATIONS  I, Steven A. Ballmer, certify that: 
1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Microsoft Corporation; 
2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of
the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  4. The registrant’s other certifying officer and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for
the registrant and have:  a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is
being prepared;  b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to
be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant’s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant’s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant’s fourth fiscal
quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting; and 
5. The registrant’s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant’s auditors and the audit committee of registrant’s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant’s ability to
record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or
other employees who have a significant role in the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting.   




/S/    STEVEN A. BALLMER

Steven A. Ballmer

Chief Executive Officer
 July 28, 2011 
 




EX-31.2
7
dex312.htm
CERTIFICATIONS OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302


CERTIFICATIONS OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302



 
Exhibit 31.2  CERTIFICATIONS  I, Peter S. Klein, certify that: 
1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Microsoft Corporation; 
2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of
the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  4. The registrant’s other certifying officer and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for
the registrant and have:  a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is
being prepared;  b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to
be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant’s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant’s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant’s fourth fiscal
quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting; and 
5. The registrant’s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant’s auditors and the audit committee of registrant’s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant’s ability to
record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or
other employees who have a significant role in the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting.   




/S/    PETER S. KLEIN

Peter S. Klein

Chief Financial Officer
 July 28, 2011 
 




EX-32.1
8
dex321.htm
CERTIFICATIONS OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 906


CERTIFICATIONS OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 906



 
Exhibit 32.1  CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
(18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350)  In
connection with the Annual Report of Microsoft Corporation, a Washington corporation (the “Company”), on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2011, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “Report”),
Steven A. Ballmer, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, does hereby certify, pursuant to § 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. § 1350), that to his knowledge: 
(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company.   




/S/    STEVEN A. BALLMER

Steven A. Ballmer

Chief Executive Officer
 July 28, 2011  [A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Microsoft Corporation and will be retained by Microsoft Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange
Commission or its staff upon request.] 




EX-32.2
9
dex322.htm
CERTIFICATIONS OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 906


CERTIFICATIONS OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 906



 
Exhibit 32.2  CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
(18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350)  In
connection with the Annual Report of Microsoft Corporation, a Washington corporation (the “Company”), on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2011, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “Report”),
Peter S. Klein, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, does hereby certify, pursuant to § 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. § 1350), that to his knowledge: 
(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company.   




/S/    PETER S. KLEIN

Peter S. Klein

Chief Financial Officer
 July 28, 2011  [A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Microsoft Corporation and will be retained by Microsoft Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange
Commission or its staff upon request.] 




EX-101.INS
10
msft-20110630.xml
XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT










9
8500000000
1000000000
500000000
208370414170
9151000000
10339000000
3195000000
62849000000
-26563000000
153000000
969000000
342000000
925000000
8908000000
12503000000
554000000
437000000
6076000000
19362000000
502000000
39558000000
2435000000
30000000
263000000
5403000000
21797000000
5
1038000000
3927000000
804000000
6657000000
77000000
253000000
5000000
5000000
62382000000
-22824000000
451000000
0.15
360000000
1501000000
85000000
165000000
61000000
42645000000
2184000000
1055000000
26147000000
6087000000
265000000
24.68
13652000000
1955000000
4939000000
1696000000
776000000
1329000000
240000000
13014000000
86113000000
1178000000
1074000000
43331000000
740000000
1656000000
267000000

62856000000
1056000000
2931000000
8668000000
6887000000
55676000000
12394000000
62000000
2729000000
747000000
297000000
7445000000
526000000
464000000
445000000
552000000
31283000000
5600000000
5505000000
289000000
236000000
322000000
3613000000
3910000000
375000000
187000000
229000000
-229000000
7754000000
18716000000
767000000
16259000000
3950000000
8629000000
172000000
1873000000
80000000
86113000000
343000000
46175000000
445000000
3887000000
14830000000
1000000000
1158000000
674000000
7630000000
1995000000
2184000000
2466000000
24000000000
39938000000
16000000
2950000000
2100000000
4900000000
4025000000
182000000
556000000
-176000000
3750000000
44542000000
3283000000
181000000
6542000000
5200000000
36788000000
62000000
216000000
216000000
5673000000
21182000000
544000000
-16681000000
5
3
30000000
25.32
223000000
24.76
1118000000
4024000000
802000000
6373000000
77000000
376000000
9300000000
199000000
5300000000
523000000
1800000000
472000000
1100000000
371000000
7800000000
3100000000
305000000
918000000
13000000
5000000
89000000
18000000
1124000000
1213000000
339000000
79000000
190000000
418000000
2102000000
2292000000
6000000
1000000
18000000
7000000
105000000
123000000
1000000
0
0
1000000
66000000
66000000
1000000
0
0
1000000
216000000
216000000
40000000
210000000
134000000
134000000
0
17000000
7000000
7000000
0
41000000
8000000
8000000
0
5000000
49000000
15000000
34000000
60000000
12000000
12000000
0
33000000
176000000
34000000
156000000
566000000
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
566000000
3000000
563000000
9000000
0
0
0
0
3000000
563000000
9000000
1661000000
17000000
137000000
85000000
0
222000000
-205000000
216000000
502000000
348000000
348000000
0
0
348000000
0
7627000000
7460000000
0
167000000
7627000000
0
7036000000
0
43000000
6988000000
5000000
7036000000
0
569000000
745000000
22000000
9000000
776000000
-207000000
533000000
294000000
239000000
0
533000000
0
3264000000
3264000000
0
0
3264000000
0
172000000
172000000
0
0
172000000
0
747000000
747000000
0
0
747000000
0
21229000000
4756000000
16473000000
0
21229000000
0
1120000000
0
1120000000
0
1120000000
0
167000000
5000000
9000000
17000000
134000000
41000000
7000000
5000000
8000000
69000000
615000000
33000000
12000000
914000000
3000000
1075000000
161000000
208000000
18000000
390000000
182000000
249000000
86000000
0
114000000
28000000
1521000000
322000000
2308000000
787000000
62856000000
-16681000000
843000000
5282000000
7004000000
1701000000
2650000000
12180000000
375000000
348000000
0
280000000
68000000
0
0
348000000
7450000000
289000000
7020000000
701000000
0
18000000
7721000000
507000000
0
5000000
0
502000000
0
507000000
6640000000
1030000000
0
0
7252000000
418000000
7252000000
518000000
13000000
531000000
0
0
0
531000000
3137000000
135000000
3265000000
0
0
7000000
3265000000
1661000000
0
0
1661000000
0
0
1661000000
188000000
0
175000000
13000000
0
0
188000000
726000000
22000000
627000000
120000000
0
1000000
747000000
21036000000
167000000
19380000000
1822000000
0
1000000
21202000000
1120000000
0
0
1120000000
0
0
1120000000
0.02950
0.03049
2000000000
0.04200
0.04379
1000000000
0.05200
0.05240
750000000
1250000000
0.00000
33.40
0.01849
1250000000
1000
0.15
17829000000
24842000000
181000000
42852000000
-207000000
170000000
1434000000
49000000
48825000000
14200000000
263000000
309000000
24.91
583000000
79000000
61058000000
2467000000
1863000000
28774000000
6521000000
265000000
23.21
92000000
312000000
24053000000
15722000000
1011000000
11921000000
23.16
1411000000
3000000000
0
416000000
1079000000
172000000
14987000000
108704000000
1398000000
580000000
60804000000
1372000000
49368000000
3052000000
75000000

63415000000
1266000000
1.04
3492000000
8376000000
-186000000
7381000000
74918000000
2500000000
12581000000
2637000000
1000000
3119000000
785000000
245000000
8072000000
533000000
-163000000
219000000
1084000000
28.84
43162000000
0
5900000000
9610000000
424000000
2945000000
276000000
19733000000
415000000
3118000000
0
3363000000
333000000
93000000
1456000000
-1456000000
10865000000
18498000000
1821000000
17991000000
3446000000
2811000000
9829000000
232000000
1991000000
69000000
108704000000
12000000000
122000000
5250000000
57083000000
219000000
3863000000
17120000000
0
744000000
904000000
2516000000
8162000000
2435000000
2467000000
2989000000
24000000000
51621000000
56000000
44800000000
23982000000
3320000000
2345000000
11900000000
4197000000
1208000000
19516000000
463000000
205000000
10750000000
1250000000
63637000000
3575000000
83000000
6935000000
12100000000
52772000000
1181000000
334000000
334000000
6601000000
21487000000
54000000
-6332000000
43000000
5
1000000000
467000000
32000000
24.05
23.76
4500000000
255000000
23.97
23.59
1139000000
4167000000
813000000
6373000000
89000000
502000000
10600000000
277000000
7300000000
572000000
2200000000
935000000
1900000000
532000000
3900000000
2300000000
868000000
1400000000
10000000
1000000
25000000
11000000
750000000
775000000
146000000
47000000
206000000
193000000
1377000000
1583000000
2000000
0
0
2000000
365000000
365000000
3000000
1000000
14000000
4000000
63000000
77000000
2000000
0
0
2000000
79000000
79000000
7000000
0
0
7000000
484000000
484000000
3
2
568000000
1900000000
2000000000
2700000000
150000000
263000000
287000000
179000000
179000000
0
12000000
17000000
17000000
0
19000000
4000000
4000000
0
4000000
87000000
14000000
73000000
91000000
0
0
0
9000000
214000000
73000000
135000000
129000000
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
129000000
6000000
123000000
128000000
0
0
0
0
6000000
123000000
128000000
55
21
23
800000000
693000000
276000000
1648000000
163000000
257000000
109000000
0
366000000
-203000000
334000000
650000000
598000000
598000000
0
0
598000000
0
10658000000
10600000000
0
58000000
10658000000
0
9881000000
0
55000000
9821000000
5000000
9881000000
0
212000000
388000000
8000000
20000000
416000000
-204000000
670000000
367000000
303000000
0
670000000
0
2428000000
2428000000
0
0
2428000000
0
639000000
639000000
0
0
639000000
0
454000000
454000000
0
0
454000000
0
33766000000
10175000000
23591000000
0
33766000000
0
1752000000
0
1752000000
0
1752000000
0
58000000
5000000
20000000
12000000
179000000
19000000
17000000
4000000
4000000
219000000
216000000
9000000
0
966000000
0
1068000000
102000000
224000000
2000000
326000000
102000000
179000000
98000000
1000000
113000000
15000000
1831000000
119000000
2356000000
525000000
63415000000
-6332000000
836000000
6552000000
7950000000
1782000000
2495000000
14625000000
333000000
598000000
0
226000000
372000000
0
0
598000000
10575000000
260000000
7449000000
3375000000
0
11000000
10824000000
654000000
0
4000000
0
650000000
0
654000000
7925000000
2483000000
0
0
10215000000
193000000
10215000000
658000000
11000000
667000000
0
0
2000000
667000000
2307000000
121000000
2424000000
0
0
4000000
2424000000
1648000000
0
0
1648000000
0
0
1648000000
639000000
0
225000000
414000000
0
0
639000000
441000000
15000000
454000000
0
0
2000000
454000000
33607000000
162000000
31713000000
2049000000
0
7000000
33762000000
1752000000
0
0
1752000000
0
0
1752000000
0.02950
0.03049
2000000000
0.04200
0.04379
1000000000
0.05200
0.05240
750000000
38000000
0.00000
1200000000
0.01849
1250000000
0.01625
0.01795
1750000000
0.04500
0.04567
1000000000
0.00875
0.01000
1000000000
0.03000
0.03137
1000000000
0.05300
0.05361
1000000000
0.04000
0.04082
500000000
0.02500
0.02642
750000000
0.15
7.69
2000000
25704000000
35475000000
83000000
61262000000
-204000000
319000000
249000000
1952000000
396000000
163000000
344000000
481000000
8378265782
2011-07-20
1
1
6
2010-11-05
2
1
3
367000000
388000000
4
145000000
512000000
37.16
1240000000
58000000
1180000000
29.94
2013-03-15
40000000000
40000000000
P18M
These guarantees are calculated, paid and trued-up periodically based on the cumulative reduction in revenue per search, if any, during the 18-month period from pre-implementation levels, except in the case of the U.S. and Canada where performance during each of the first two calendar quarters after implementation is independent and not cumulative.
after five years based on performance
2009-12-04
P10Y
In March 2010, the court in the British Columbia case certified it as a class action.
200000000
37000000
40000000
273000000
1634000000
9353000000
-19000000
677000000
1673000000
-930000000
-15770000000
262000000
48000000
36850000000
1178000000
12879000000
-56000000
-2215000000
9
744000000
-240000000
No sales to an individual customer accounted for more than 10%
862000000
-133000000
38074000000
25385000000
302000000
19037000000
-125000000
24000000
88000000
239000000
0.036
6191000000
4468000000
19821000000
14292000000
897000000
12000000
1.62
10
-504000000
318000000
-309000000
-171000000
1139000000
1700000000
6600000000
-0.093
192000000
38000000
0.014
762000000
876000000
30000000
2203000000
0.008
-558000000
14569000000
-542000000
20000000
3159000000
9010000000
762000000
52000000
8200000000
1708000000
342000000
591000000
12155000000
132000000
19806000000
51000000
82000000
52000000
0.52
-233000000
3119000000
475000000
1.63
16000000
884000000
0.000
58437000000
20363000000
65000000
75000000
-509000000
1
-671000000
-2700000000
598000000
330000000
230000000
1400000000
579000000
-142000000
5252000000
-4263000000
5529000000
8945000000
-67000000
25426000000
0
472000000
4490000000
-574000000
-255000000
-263000000
0.265
24409000000
4030000000
8996000000
868000000
-7463000000
33052000000
0.350
-683000000
4796000000
228000000
876000000
472000000
2562000000
20.13
2
10
5
15
1
5
2
3
0.20
10000000
25.93
485000000
0.12
0.00
1.50
91000000
24.95
1137000000
0.80
-3328000000
753000000
256000000
-4318000000
-19000000
451000000
14686000000
4627000000
19211000000
11153000000
6416000000
288000000
2110000000
-1749000000
15563000000
9372000000
-314000000
-20000000
211000000
-131000000
-191000000
-18000000
-126000000
1000000
120000000
-234000000
-121000000
5000000
1708000000
3000000
2611000000
567000000
-128000000
-240000000
4620000000
302000000
14398000000
14569000000
6039000000
-233000000
62000000
360000000
P4Y
0.11
P90D
0.00
P5Y
0.13
0.03
0.50
P3Y
1.50
2345000000
3598000000
3024000000
5475000000
11344000000
14653000000
17998000000
0.90
0.0035
P4.5Y
10
1000000
101000000
2700000000
223000000
605000000
50089000000
11269000000
10000000
None of the amounts recorded as goodwill are expected to be deductible for tax purposes
-464000000
1407000000
-1502000000
-11314000000
-92000000
275000000
365000000
30168000000
-991000000
13214000000
14000000
2238000000
244000000
4
5
843000000
-206000000
No sales to an individual customer accounted for more than 10%
69000000
-103000000
38386000000
26311000000
27000000
24073000000
348000000
20000000
1839000000
364000000
0.029
7453000000
4578000000
25013000000
15438000000
188000000
126000000
2.10
10
135000000
10000000
380000000
-173000000
86000000
1701000000
1800000000
4100000000
-0.121
357000000
151000000
0.021
-220000000
349000000
-223000000
1012000000
0.021
-140000000
18760000000
915000000
14000000
4415000000
8714000000
-220000000
45000000
10836000000
1891000000
28000000
707000000
12395000000
166000000
15125000000
114000000
57000000
198000000
45000000
144000000
0.52
265000000
1977000000
530000000
2.13
-120000000
495000000
0.000
62484000000
24098000000
97000000
140000000
1000000
1
844000000
-2000000
451000000
662000000
59000000
193000000
1600000000
2311000000
263000000
6253000000
-571000000
9575000000
8813000000
-39000000
600000000
28813000000
145000000
188000000
6473000000
-322000000
44000000
488000000
0.250
29374000000
4063000000
285000000
8927000000
245000000
-13291000000
36173000000
10000000
0.350
208000000
4167000000
2986000000
-307000000
349000000
188000000
2673000000
0.13
23.73
2
10
5
15
1
5
2
3
0.20
12000000
24.57
227000000
0.12
0.00
1.50
100000000
23.43
1358000000
0.80
-3280000000
556000000
366000000
-4260000000
58000000
533000000
82000000
15390000000
5320000000
-2000000
116000000
19345000000
11642000000
-19000000
0
6224000000
573000000
-2000000
0
2200000000
-2410000000
-284000000
0
18792000000
12253000000
0
-174000000
5000000
-92000000
6000000
6000000
0
0
0
0
4000000
4000000
0
0
12000000
0
22000000
-1000000
3000000
-60000000
106000000
57000000
-4000000
2
5
4
1891000000
-32000000
3113000000
2311000000
-647000000
-206000000
4547000000
27000000
18846000000
18760000000
8156000000
265000000
June 1
May 15
June 1
May 15
June 1
May 15
December 1
November 15
December 1
November 15
December 1
November 15
121000000
45000000
2014-06-01
2019-06-01
2039-06-01
2013-06-15
P4Y
P90D
0.00
P5Y
0.03
0.50
P3Y
1.50
2528000000
3478000000
3036000000
5456000000
12007000000
18225000000
17754000000
0.90
0.0045
P4.5Y
10
1000000
0.00000625
FY
No
MSFT
MICROSOFT CORP
Yes
false
Large Accelerated Filer
2011
10-K
2011-06-30
0000789019
Yes
--06-30
-62000000
734000000
54366000000
  




      Fair Value
Measurements
     




     We account for certain
assets and liabilities at fair value. The hierarchy below lists
three levels of fair value based on the extent to which inputs used
in measuring fair value are observable in the market. We
categorize each of our fair value measurements in one of these
three levels based on the lowest level input that is significant to
the fair value measurement in its entirety. These levels
are:
    











       •
      









         Level 1
        
        – inputs are based upon unadjusted quoted
prices for identical instruments traded in active markets. Our
Level 1 non-derivative investments primarily include U.S.
treasuries, domestic and international equities, and actively
traded mutual funds. Our Level 1 derivative assets and
liabilities include those actively traded on exchanges.
       














       •
      









         Level 2
        
        – inputs are based upon quoted prices for
similar instruments in active markets, quoted prices for identical
or similar instruments in markets that are not active, and
model-based valuation techniques (e.g. the Black-Scholes model) for
which all significant inputs are observable in the market or can be
corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full
term of the assets or liabilities. Where applicable, these models
project future cash flows and discount the future amounts to a
present value using market-based observable inputs including
interest rate curves, foreign exchange rates, and forward and spot
prices for currencies and commodities. Our Level 2 non-derivative
investments consist primarily of corporate notes and bonds,
mortgage-backed securities, agency securities, certificates of
deposit, and commercial paper. Our Level 2 derivative assets and
liabilities primarily include certain over-the-counter option and
swap contracts.
       














       •
      









         Level 3
        
        – inputs are generally unobservable and
typically reflect management’s estimates of assumptions that
market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability.
The fair values are therefore determined using model-based
techniques, including option pricing models and discounted cash
flow models. Our Level 3 non-derivative assets primarily comprise
investments in certain corporate bonds. We value these
corporate bonds using internally developed valuation models, inputs
to which include interest rate curves, credit spreads, stock
prices, and volatilities. Unobservable inputs used in these models
are significant to the fair values of the investments. Our Level 3
derivative assets and liabilities primarily comprise derivatives
for foreign equities. In certain cases, market-based observable
inputs are not available and we use management judgment to develop
assumptions to determine fair value for these
derivatives.
       






     We measure certain
assets, including our cost and equity method investments, at fair
value on a nonrecurring basis when they are deemed to be
other-than-temporarily impaired. The fair values of these
investments are determined based on valuation techniques using the
best information available, and may include quoted market prices,
market comparables, and discounted cash flow projections. An
impairment charge is recorded when the cost of the investment
exceeds its fair value and this condition is determined to be
other-than-temporary.
    



     Our current financial
liabilities have fair values that approximate their carrying
values. Our long-term financial liabilities consist of long-term
debt which is recorded on the balance sheet at issuance price less
unamortized discount.
    


  11555000000
15000000
-40000000
None of the amounts recorded as goodwill are expected to be deductible for tax purposes
  



      NOTE 18 —
STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY
     





      Shares Outstanding
     




     Shares of common stock
outstanding were as follows:
    





































        (In millions)
       































































        Year Ended June 30,
       









        2011
       













        2010
       













        2009
       





















        Balance, beginning of year
       















        8,668
       


















       8,908
      















       9,151
      










        Issued
       















        155
       


















       140
      















       75
      










        Repurchased
       















        (447
       





        )
       












       (380
      



       )
      











       (318
      



       )
      








































        Balance, end of year
       















        8,376
       


















       8,668
      















       8,908
      
























































      Share Repurchases
     




     On September 22,
2008, we announced the completion of the two repurchase programs
approved by our Board of Directors during the first quarter of
fiscal year 2007 to buy back up to $40.0 billion of Microsoft
common stock. On September 22, 2008, we also announced that
our Board of Directors approved a new share repurchase program
authorizing up to $40.0 billion in share repurchases with an
expiration date of September 30, 2013. As of June 30,
2011, approximately $12.2 billion remained of the $40.0 billion
approved repurchase amount. The repurchase program may be suspended
or discontinued at any time without prior notice.
    



     We repurchased the
following shares of common stock under the above-described
repurchase plans using cash resources:
    





























































        (In millions)
       









        Shares
       













        Amount
       













        Shares
       













        Amount
       













        Shares
       













        Amount
       





































        Year Ended June 30,
       





















        2011
        
         (a)
        


























        2010
        
         (a)
        


























        2009
        
         (b)
        




























        First quarter
       















        163
       















        $
       





        4,000
       


















       58
      











       $
      



       1,445
      















       223
      











       $
      



       5,966
      










        Second quarter
       















        188
       





















        5,000
       


















       125
      















       3,583
      















       95
      















       2,234
      










        Third quarter
       















        30
       





















        827
       


















       67
      















       2,000
      















       0
      















       0
      










        Fourth quarter
       















        66
       





















        1,631
       


















       130
      















       3,808
      















       0
      















       0
      



















































































        Total
       















        447
       















        $
       





        11,458
       


















       380
      











       $
      



       10,836
      















       318
      











       $
      



       8,200
      


































































































       (a)
      





         All
shares repurchased in fiscal years 2011 and 2010 were repurchased
under the plan approved by our Board of Directors on
September 22, 2008.
        









       (b)
      





         Of
the 318 million shares of common stock repurchased in fiscal
year 2009, 101 million shares were repurchased for $2.7
billion under the plan approved by our Board of Directors during
the first quarter of fiscal year 2007. The remaining shares were
repurchased under the plan approved by our Board of Directors on
September 22, 2008.
        








      Dividends
     




     In fiscal year 2011, our
Board of Directors declared the following dividends:
    













































        Declaration Date
       










         Dividend
        





         Per Share
        














        Record Date
       













        Total Amount
       













        Payment Date
       





















































        (In millions)
       




































         September 21, 2010
        










        $
       





        0.16
       





















        November 18, 2010
       















        $
       





        1,363
       





















        December 9, 2010
       














         December 15, 2010
        










        $
       





        0.16
       





















        February 17, 2011
       















        $
       





        1,349
       





















        March 10, 2011
       














         March 14, 2011
        










        $
       





        0.16
       





















        May 19, 2011
       















        $
       





        1,350
       





















        June 9, 2011
       














         June 15, 2011
        










        $
       





        0.16
       





















        August 18, 2011
       















        $
       





        1,340
       





















        September 8, 2011
       
















     The dividend declared on
June 15, 2011 will be paid after the filing date of this
report on Form 10-K and was included in other current liabilities
as of June 30, 2011.
    



     In fiscal year 2010, our
Board of Directors declared the following dividends:
    













































        Declaration Date
       










         Dividend
        





         Per Share
        














        Record Date
       













        Total Amount
       













        Payment Date
       





















































        (In millions)
       



































        September 18, 2009
       








       $
      



       0.13
      















       November 19, 2009
      











       $
      



       1,152
      















       December 10, 2009
      










        December 9, 2009
       








       $
      



       0.13
      















       February 18, 2010
      











       $
      



       1,139
      















       March 11, 2010
      










        March 8, 2010
       








       $
      



       0.13
      















       May 20, 2010
      











       $
      



       1,130
      















       June 10, 2010
      










        June 16, 2010
       








       $
      



       0.13
      















       August 19, 2010
      











       $
      



       1,118
      















       September 9, 2010
      











     The dividend declared on
June 16, 2010 was included in other current liabilities as of
June 30, 2010.
    





     The aggregate changes in
the balance of unrecognized tax benefits were as
follows:
    





































        (In millions)
       































        Year Ended June 30,
       









        2011
       













        2010
       













        2009
       





















        Balance, beginning of year
       









        $
       





        6,542
       














       $
      



       5,403
      











       $
      



       3,195
      










        Decreases related to
settlements
       















        (632
       





        )
       












       (57
      



       )
      











       (82
      



       )
      






        Increases for tax positions related
to the current year
       















        739
       


















       1,012
      















       2,203
      










        Increases for tax positions related
to prior years
       















        405
       


















       364
      















       239
      










        Decreases for tax positions related
to prior years
       















        (119
       





        )
       












       (166
      



       )
      











       (132
      



       )
      






        Decreases due to lapsed statute of
limitations
       















        0
       


















       (14
      



       )
      











       (20
      



       )
      








































        Balance, end of year
       









        $
       





        6,935
       














       $
      



       6,542
      











       $
      



       5,403
      




















































  242000000
1259000000
1294000000
1026000000
  



      NOTE 15 — OTHER
LONG-TERM LIABILITIES
     






























        (In millions)
       

















































        June 30,
       









        2011
       













        2010
       



















        Tax contingencies and other tax
liabilities
       









        $
       





        7,381
       














       $
      



       6,887
      










        Legal contingencies
       















        276
       


















       236
      










        Other
       















        415
       


















       322
      































        Total
       









        $
       





        8,072
       














       $
      



       7,445
      







































  -14616000000
  


     U.S. and international
components of income before income taxes were as
follows:
    





































        (In millions)
       































        Year Ended June 30,
       









        2011
       













        2010
       













        2009
       





















        U.S.
       









        $
       





        8,862
       














       $
      



       9,575
      











       $
      



       5,529
      










        International
       















        19,209
       


















       15,438
      















       14,292
      












































        Income before income taxes
       









        $
       





        28,071
       














       $
      



       25,013
      











       $
      



       19,821
      























































     The components of
long-term debt, the associated interest rates, and the semi-annual
interest record and payment dates were as follows as of
June 30, 2011:
    





































































        Due Date
       









        Face Value
       














         Stated
         
         Interest
        





         Rate
        















         Effective
         
         Interest
        





         Rate
        















         Interest
        





         Record Date
        















         Interest
        





         Pay Date
        















         Interest
        





         Record
Date
        















         Interest
        





         Pay
Date
        
















































        (In millions)
       





































































































        Notes
       













































































































        September 27, 2013
       









        $
       





        1,000
       





















        0.875%
       





















        1.000%
       





















        March 15
       





















        March 27
       





















        September 15
       





















        September 27
       













        June 1, 2014
       















        2,000
       





















        2.950%
       





















        3.049%
       





















        May 15
       





















        June 1
       





















        November 15
       





















        December 1
       













        September 25, 2015
       















        1,750
       





















        1.625%
       





















        1.795%
       





















        March 15
       





















        March 25
       





















        September 15
       





















        September 25
       













        February 8, 2016
       















        750
       





















        2.500%
       





















        2.642%
       





















        February 1
       





















        February 8
       





















        August 1
       





















        August 8
       













        June 1, 2019
       















        1,000
       





















        4.200%
       





















        4.379%
       





















        May 15
       





















        June 1
       





















        November 15
       





















        December 1
       













        October 1, 2020
       















        1,000
       





















        3.000%
       





















        3.137%
       





















        March 15
       





















        April 1
       





















        September 15
       





















        October 1
       













        February 8, 2021
       















        500
       





















        4.000%
       





















        4.082%
       





















        February 1
       





















        February 8
       





















        August 1
       





















        August 8
       













        June 1, 2039
       















        750
       





















        5.200%
       





















        5.240%
       





















        May 15
       





















        June 1
       





















        November 15
       





















        December 1
       













        October 1, 2040
       















        1,000
       





















        4.500%
       





















        4.567%
       





















        March 15
       





















        April 1
       





















        September 15
       





















        October 1
       













        February 8, 2041
       















        1,000
       





















        5.300%
       





















        5.361%
       





















        February 1
       





















        February 8
       





















        August 1
       





















        August 8
       





















































































































        Total
       















        10,750
       































































































































        Convertible Debt
       













































































































        June 15, 2013
       















        1,250
       





















        0.000%
       





















        1.849%
       













































































        Total unamortized discount
       















        (79
       





        )
       















































































































































































































        Total
       









        $
       





        11,921
       
































































































































































































































     The components of
long-term debt, the associated interest rates, and the semi-annual
interest record and payment dates were as follows as of
June 30, 2010:
    





































































        Due Date
       









        Face Value
       














         Stated
         
         Interest
        





         Rate
        















         Effective
         
         Interest
        





         Rate
        















         Interest
        





         Record Date
        















         Interest
        





         Pay Date
        















         Interest
        





         Record
Date
        















         Interest
        





         Pay
Date
        
















































        (In millions)
       





































































































        Notes
       













































































































        June 1, 2014
       








       $
      



       2,000
      















       2.950%
      















       3.049%
      















       May 15
      















       June 1
      















       November 15
      















       December 1
      










        June 1, 2019
       












       1,000
      















       4.200%
      















       4.379%
      















       May 15
      















       June 1
      















       November 15
      















       December 1
      










        June 1, 2039
       












       750
      















       5.200%
      















       5.240%
      















       May 15
      















       June 1
      















       November 15
      















       December 1
      


















































































































        Total
       












       3,750
      




























































































































        Convertible Debt
       













































































































        June 15, 2013
       












       1,250
      















       0.000%
      















       1.849%
      










































































        Total unamortized discount
       












       (61
      



       )
      














































































































































































































        Total
       








       $
      



       4,939
      


























































































































  -63000000
282000000
222000000
  



      Stock-Based
Compensation
     




     We measure stock-based
compensation cost at the grant date based on the fair value of the
award and recognize it as expense over the vesting or service
period, as applicable, of the stock award (generally four to five
years) using the straight-line method.
    


  35993000000
-186000000
13940000000
-85000000
  


     The components of the
deferred income tax assets and liabilities were as
follows:
    





























        (In millions)
       

















































        June 30,
       









        2011
       













        2010
       



















        Deferred Income Tax Assets
       







































        Stock-based compensation
expense
       









        $
       





        1,079
       














       $
      



       1,329
      










        Other expense items
       















        1,411
       


















       1,696
      










        Unearned revenue
       















        463
       


















       556
      










        Impaired investments
       















        424
       


















       289
      










        Other revenue items
       















        69
       


















       80
      































        Deferred income tax assets
       









        $
       





        3,446
       














       $
      



       3,950
      







































        Deferred Income Tax Liabilities
       







































        International earnings
       









        $
       





        (1,266
       





        )
       








       $
      



       (1,056
      



       )
      






        Unrealized gain on
investments
       















        (904
       





        )
       












       (674
      



       )
      






        Other
       















        (265
       





        )
       












       (265
      



       )
      



























        Deferred income tax
liabilities
       















        (2,435
       





        )
       












       (1,995
      



       )
      



























        Net deferred income tax
assets
       









        $
       





        1,011
       














       $
      



       1,955
      


















































        Reported As
       







































        Current deferred income tax
assets
       









        $
       





        2,467
       














       $
      



       2,184
      










        Long-term deferred income tax
liabilities
       















        (1,456
       





        )
       












       (229
      



       )
      



























        Net deferred income tax
assets
       









        $
       





        1,011
       














       $
      



       1,955
      







































  -31000000
1451000000
123000000
3
3
  


     Stock-based compensation
expense and related income tax benefits were as follows:
    





































        (In millions)
       































































        Year Ended June 30,
       









        2011
       













        2010
       













        2009
       





















        Stock-based compensation
expense
       









        $
       





        2,166
       














       $
      



       1,891
      











       $
      



       1,708
      










        Income tax benefits related to
stock-based compensation
       









        $
       





        758
       














       $
      



       662
      











       $
      



       598
      










  900000000
381000000
No sales to an individual customer accounted for more than 10%
  



      NOTE 21 —
SEGMENT INFORMATION AND GEOGRAPHIC DATA
     




     In its operation of the
business, management, including our chief operating decision maker,
the Company’s Chief Executive Officer, reviews certain
financial information, including segmented internal profit and loss
statements prepared on a basis not consistent with U.S. GAAP. The
segment information within this note is reported on that basis. Our
five segments are Windows & Windows Live Division; Server
and Tools; Online Services Division; Microsoft Business Division;
and Entertainment and Devices Division.
    



     Due to the integrated
structure of our business, certain revenue earned and costs
incurred by one segment may benefit other segments. Revenue on
certain contracts may be allocated among the segments based on the
relative value of the underlying products and services. Costs that
are identifiable are allocated to the segments that benefit to
incent cross-collaboration among our segments so that one segment
is not solely burdened by the cost of a mutually beneficial
activity. Allocated costs may include those relating to development
and marketing of products and services from which multiple segments
benefit, or those costs relating to services performed by one
segment on behalf of other segments. Each allocation is measured
differently based on the specific facts and circumstances of the
costs being allocated.
    



     In addition, certain
costs incurred at a corporate level that are identifiable and that
benefit our segments are allocated to them. These allocated costs
include costs of: field selling; employee benefits; shared
facilities services; and customer service and support. Each
allocation is measured differently based on the specific facts and
circumstances of the costs being allocated. Certain other
corporate-level activity is not allocated to our segments,
including costs of: broad-based sales and marketing; product
support services; human resources; legal; finance; information
technology; corporate development and procurement activities;
research and development; legal settlements and contingencies; and
employee severance.
    



     We have recast certain
prior period amounts within this note to conform to the way we
internally managed and monitored segment performance during the
current fiscal year, including moving Microsoft’s PC hardware
business from Entertainment and Devices Division to
Windows & Windows Live Division, Windows Embedded from
Entertainment and Devices Division to Server and Tools, and Office
for Mac from Entertainment and Devices Division to Microsoft
Business Division, as well as implementing intersegment cost
allocations between all segments related to the collaborative
investment in mobile platform development.
    



     The principal products
and services provided by each segment are summarized
below:
    




      Windows &
Windows Live Division
     
     – Windows & Windows Live
Division offerings consist of multiple editions of the Windows
operating system, software and services through Windows Live, and
Microsoft PC hardware products.
    




      Server and Tools
     
     – Server and Tools product and service offerings include
Windows Server, Microsoft SQL Server, Windows Azure, Windows
Embedded device platforms, and Enterprise Services. Enterprise
Services comprise Premier product support services and Microsoft
Consulting Services.
    




      Online Services
Division
     
     – Online Services Division offerings include
Bing, MSN, and advertiser tools.
    




      Microsoft Business
Division
     
     – Microsoft Business Division offerings include
Microsoft Office, SharePoint, Exchange, Lync, and Microsoft
Dynamics business solutions.
    




      Entertainment and
Devices Division
     
     – Entertainment and Devices Division
offerings include the Xbox 360 entertainment platform, including
Kinect for Xbox 360, Mediaroom (our Internet protocol television
software), and Windows Phone.
    





     Segment revenue and
operating income (loss) were as follows during the periods
presented:
    





































        (In millions)
       































































        Year Ended June 30,
       









        2011
       













        2010
       













        2009
       





















        Revenue
       





















































        Windows & Windows Live
Division
       









        $
       





        18,778
       














       $
      



       18,792
      











       $
      



       15,563
      










        Server and Tools
       















        17,107
       


















       15,390
      















       14,686
      










        Online Services Division
       















        2,528
       


















       2,200
      















       2,110
      










        Microsoft Business
Division
       















        21,986
       


















       19,345
      















       19,211
      










        Entertainment and Devices
Division
       















        8,716
       


















       6,224
      















       6,416
      










        Unallocated and other
       















        828
       


















       533
      















       451
      












































        Consolidated
       









        $
       





        69,943
       














       $
      



       62,484
      











       $
      



       58,437
      

























































































        (In millions)
       































































        Year Ended June 30,
       









        2011
       













        2010
       













        2009
       





















        Operating Income (Loss)
       





















































        Windows & Windows Live
Division
       









        $
       





        11,968
       














       $
      



       12,253
      











       $
      



       9,372
      










        Server and Tools
       















        6,453
       


















       5,320
      















       4,627
      










        Online Services Division
       















        (2,638
       





        )
       












       (2,410
      



       )
      











       (1,749
      



       )
      






        Microsoft Business
Division
       















        13,827
       


















       11,642
      















       11,153
      










        Entertainment and Devices
Division
       















        1,135
       


















       573
      















       288
      










        Reconciling amounts
       















        (3,584
       





        )
       












       (3,280
      



       )
      











       (3,328
      



       )
      








































        Consolidated
       









        $
       





        27,161
       














       $
      



       24,098
      











       $
      



       20,363
      























































     Reconciling amounts in
the tables above and below include adjustments to conform our
internal accounting policies to U.S. GAAP and corporate-level
activity not specifically attributed to a segment. Significant
internal accounting policies that differ from U.S. GAAP relate to
revenue recognition, income statement classification, depreciation,
and amortization of stock-based awards.
    



     Significant reconciling
items were as follows:
    





































        (In millions)
       































































        Year Ended June 30,
       









        2011
       













        2010
       













        2009
       





















        Corporate-level
activity
       


         (a)
        










        $
       





        (4,619
       





        )
       








       $
      



       (4,260
      



       )
      







       $
      



       (4,318
      



       )
      






        Stock-based compensation
expense
       















        544
       


















       556
      















       753
      










        Revenue reconciling
amounts
       















        632
       


















       366
      















       256
      










        Other
       















        (141
       





        )
       












       58
      















       (19
      



       )
      








































        Total
       









        $
       





        (3,584
       





        )
       








       $
      



       (3,280
      



       )
      







       $
      



       (3,328
      



       )
      























































       (a)
      





         Corporate-level activity excludes stock-based compensation
expense and revenue reconciling amounts presented separately in
those line items.
        







     No sales to an individual
customer accounted for more than 10% of fiscal year 2011, 2010, or
2009 revenue. Revenue, classified by the major geographic areas in
which our customers are located, was as follows:
    





































        (In millions)
       































































        Year Ended June 30,
       









        2011
       













        2010
       













        2009
       





















        United
States
       


         (a)
        










        $
       





        38,008
       














       $
      



       36,173
      











       $
      



       33,052
      










        Other countries
       















        31,935
       


















       26,311
      















       25,385
      












































        Total
       









        $
       





        69,943
       














       $
      



       62,484
      











       $
      



       58,437
      



























































       (a)
      





         Includes shipments to customers in the U.S. and licensing to
certain OEMs and multinational organizations.
        









     Revenue from external
customers, classified by significant product and service offerings
were as follows:
    





































        (In millions)
       































































        Year Ended June 30,
       









        2011
       













        2010
       













        2009
       





















        Microsoft Office system
       









        $
       





        20,730
       














       $
      



       17,754
      











       $
      



       17,998
      










        Windows PC operating
systems
       















        17,825
       


















       18,225
      















       14,653
      










        Server products and tools
       















        13,251
       


















       12,007
      















       11,344
      










        Xbox 360 platform
       















        8,103
       


















       5,456
      















       5,475
      










        Consulting and product support
services
       















        3,372
       


















       3,036
      















       3,024
      










        Advertising
       















        2,913
       


















       2,528
      















       2,345
      










        Other
       















        3,749
       


















       3,478
      















       3,598
      












































        Total
       









        $
       





        69,943
       














       $
      



       62,484
      











       $
      



       58,437
      























































     Assets are not allocated
to segments for internal reporting presentations. A portion of
amortization and depreciation is included with various other costs
in an overhead allocation to each segment and it is impracticable
for us to separately identify the amount of amortization and
depreciation by segment that is included in the measure of segment
profit or loss.
    



     Long-lived assets,
excluding financial instruments and deferred taxes, classified by
the location of the controlling statutory company, were as
follows:
    





































        (In millions)
       































































        June 30,
       









        2011
       













        2010
       













        2009
       





















        United States
       









        $
       





        18,498
       














       $
      



       18,716
      











       $
      



       19,362
      










        Other countries
       















        2,989
       


















       2,466
      















       2,435
      












































        Total
       









        $
       





        21,487
       














       $
      



       21,182
      











       $
      



       21,797
      




















































  80000000
  



      Intangible Assets
     




     All of our intangible
assets are subject to amortization and are amortized using the
straight-line method over their estimated period of benefit,
ranging from one to 10 years. We evaluate the recoverability of
intangible assets periodically by taking into account events or
circumstances that may warrant revised estimates of useful lives or
that indicate the asset may be impaired.
    


  205000000
42782000000
31935000000
  


     Changes in the carrying
amount of goodwill for fiscal years 2011 and 2010 by segment were
as follows:
    














































































         Balance as
        





         of June 30,
        





         2009
        














        Acquisitions
       














         Purchase
        





         Accounting
        





         Adjustments
        





         and
Other
        















         Balance as
        





         of June 30,
        





         2010
        














        Acquisitions
       














         Purchase
        





         Accounting
        





         Adjustments
        





         and
Other
        















         Balance as
        





         of June 30,
        





         2011
        








































        (In millions)
       













































































































        Windows & Windows Live
Division
       








       $
      



       77
      











       $
      



       0
      











       $
      



       0
      











       $
      



       77
      












        $
       





        0
       















        $
       





        12
       















        $
       





        89
       













        Server and Tools
       












       1,038
      















       82
      















       (2
      



       )
      











       1,118
      


















        13
       





















        8
       





















        1,139
       













        Online Services Division
       












       6,657
      















       0
      















       (284
      



       )
      











       6,373
      


















        0
       





















        0
       





















        6,373
       













        Microsoft Business
Division
       












       3,927
      















       116
      















       (19
      



       )
      











       4,024
      


















        4
       





















        139
       





















        4,167
       













        Entertainment and Devices
Division
       












       804
      















       0
      















       (2
      



       )
      











       802
      


















        30
       





















        (19
       





        )
       















        813
       



































































































        Total
       








       $
      



       12,503
      











       $
      



       198
      











       $
      



       (307
      



       )
      







       $
      



       12,394
      












        $
       





        47
       















        $
       





        140
       















        $
       





        12,581
       















































































































      NOTE 12 —
DEBT
     





      Short-term Debt
     




     During fiscal year 2011,
we repaid $1.0 billion of commercial paper, leaving zero
outstanding.
    



     On November 5, 2010,
our $1.0 billion 364-day credit facility expired. This facility
served as a back-up for our commercial paper program. No amounts
were drawn against the credit facility during any of the periods
presented.
    




      Long-term Debt
     




     As of June 30, 2011,
the total carrying value and estimated fair value of our long-term
debt, including convertible debt, were $11.9 billion and $12.1
billion, respectively. This is compared to a carrying value and
estimated fair value of $4.9 billion and $5.2 billion,
respectively, as of June 30, 2010. The estimated fair value is
based on quoted prices for our publicly-traded debt as of
June 30, 2011 and 2010, as applicable.
    



     Maturities of long-term
debt for each of the next five years and thereafter are as
follows:
    





















        (In millions)
       



































        Year Ending June 30,
       

























        2012
       








       $
      



       0
      










        2013
       












       1,250
      










        2014
       












       3,000
      










        2015
       












       0
      










        2016
       












       2,500
      










        Thereafter
       












       5,250
      


















        Total
       








       $
      



       12,000
      































     Cash paid for interest on
our debt for fiscal years 2011 and 2010 was $197 million and $145
million, respectively. No cash was paid for debt interest for
fiscal year 2009.
    



     The components of
long-term debt, the associated interest rates, and the semi-annual
interest record and payment dates were as follows as of
June 30, 2011:
    





































































        Due Date
       









        Face Value
       














         Stated
         
         Interest
        





         Rate
        















         Effective
         
         Interest
        





         Rate
        















         Interest
        





         Record Date
        















         Interest
        





         Pay Date
        















         Interest
        





         Record
Date
        















         Interest
        





         Pay
Date
        
















































        (In millions)
       





































































































        Notes
       













































































































        September 27, 2013
       









        $
       





        1,000
       





















        0.875%
       





















        1.000%
       





















        March 15
       





















        March 27
       





















        September 15
       





















        September 27
       













        June 1, 2014
       















        2,000
       





















        2.950%
       





















        3.049%
       





















        May 15
       





















        June 1
       





















        November 15
       





















        December 1
       













        September 25, 2015
       















        1,750
       





















        1.625%
       





















        1.795%
       





















        March 15
       





















        March 25
       





















        September 15
       





















        September 25
       













        February 8, 2016
       















        750
       





















        2.500%
       





















        2.642%
       





















        February 1
       





















        February 8
       





















        August 1
       





















        August 8
       













        June 1, 2019
       















        1,000
       





















        4.200%
       





















        4.379%
       





















        May 15
       





















        June 1
       





















        November 15
       





















        December 1
       













        October 1, 2020
       















        1,000
       





















        3.000%
       





















        3.137%
       





















        March 15
       





















        April 1
       





















        September 15
       





















        October 1
       













        February 8, 2021
       















        500
       





















        4.000%
       





















        4.082%
       





















        February 1
       





















        February 8
       





















        August 1
       





















        August 8
       













        June 1, 2039
       















        750
       





















        5.200%
       





















        5.240%
       





















        May 15
       





















        June 1
       





















        November 15
       





















        December 1
       













        October 1, 2040
       















        1,000
       





















        4.500%
       





















        4.567%
       





















        March 15
       





















        April 1
       





















        September 15
       





















        October 1
       













        February 8, 2041
       















        1,000
       





















        5.300%
       





















        5.361%
       





















        February 1
       





















        February 8
       





















        August 1
       





















        August 8
       





















































































































        Total
       















        10,750
       































































































































        Convertible Debt
       













































































































        June 15, 2013
       















        1,250
       





















        0.000%
       





















        1.849%
       













































































        Total unamortized discount
       















        (79
       





        )
       















































































































































































































        Total
       









        $
       





        11,921
       
































































































































































































































     The components of
long-term debt, the associated interest rates, and the semi-annual
interest record and payment dates were as follows as of
June 30, 2010:
    





































































        Due Date
       









        Face Value
       














         Stated
         
         Interest
        





         Rate
        















         Effective
         
         Interest
        





         Rate
        















         Interest
        





         Record Date
        















         Interest
        





         Pay Date
        















         Interest
        





         Record
Date
        















         Interest
        





         Pay
Date
        
















































        (In millions)
       





































































































        Notes
       













































































































        June 1, 2014
       








       $
      



       2,000
      















       2.950%
      















       3.049%
      















       May 15
      















       June 1
      















       November 15
      















       December 1
      










        June 1, 2019
       












       1,000
      















       4.200%
      















       4.379%
      















       May 15
      















       June 1
      















       November 15
      















       December 1
      










        June 1, 2039
       












       750
      















       5.200%
      















       5.240%
      















       May 15
      















       June 1
      















       November 15
      















       December 1
      


















































































































        Total
       












       3,750
      




























































































































        Convertible Debt
       













































































































        June 15, 2013
       












       1,250
      















       0.000%
      















       1.849%
      










































































        Total unamortized discount
       












       (61
      



       )
      














































































































































































































        Total
       








       $
      



       4,939
      






























































































































































































































      Notes
     




     The Notes are senior
unsecured obligations and rank equally with our other unsecured and
unsubordinated debt outstanding.
    






      Convertible debt
     




     In June 2010, we issued
$1.25 billion of zero coupon convertible unsecured debt due on
June 15, 2013 in a private placement offering. Proceeds from
the offering were $1.24 billion, net of fees and expenses, which
were capitalized.
    



     Each $1,000 principal
amount of notes is convertible into 29.94 shares of Microsoft
common stock at a conversion price of $33.40 per share. As of
June 30, 2011, the net carrying amount of our convertible debt
was $1.2 billion and the unamortized discount was $38
million.
    



     Prior to March 15,
2013, the notes will be convertible, only in certain circumstances,
into cash and, if applicable, cash, shares of Microsoft’s
common stock, or a combination thereof, at our election. On or
after March 15, 2013, the notes will be convertible at any
time. Upon conversion, we will pay cash up to the aggregate
principal amount of the notes and pay or deliver cash, shares of
our common stock, or a combination of cash and shares of our common
stock, at our election.
    



     Because the convertible
debt may be wholly or partially settled in cash, we are required to
separately account for the liability and equity components of the
notes in a manner that reflects our nonconvertible debt borrowing
rate when interest costs are recognized in subsequent periods. The
net proceeds of $1.24 billion were allocated between debt for $1.18
billion and stockholders’ equity for $58 million with the
portion in stockholders’ equity representing the fair value
of the option to convert the debt.
    



     In connection with the
issuance of the notes, we entered into capped call transactions
with certain option counterparties who are initial purchasers of
the notes or their affiliates. The capped call transactions are
expected to reduce potential dilution of earnings per share upon
conversion of the notes. Under the capped call transactions, we
purchased from the option counterparties capped call options that
in the aggregate relate to the total number of shares of our common
stock underlying the notes, with a strike price equal to the
conversion price of the notes and with a cap price equal to $37.16.
The purchased capped calls were valued at $40 million and recorded
to stockholders’ equity.
    


  -627000000
26994000000
439000000
20000000
1954000000
  


     Future minimum rental
commitments under noncancellable facilities operating leases in
place as of June 30, 2011 are as follows:
    





















        (In millions)
       



































        Year Ending June 30,
       

























        2012
       








       $
      



       481
      










        2013
       












       396
      










        2014
       












       319
      










        2015
       












       249
      










        2016
       












       163
      










        2017 and thereafter
       












       344
      


















        Total
       








       $
      



       1,952
      


























  405000000
0.024
  


     The following table
outlines the estimated future amortization expense related to
intangible assets held at June 30, 2011:
    





















        (In millions)
       



































        Year Ending June 30,
       

























        2012
       








       $
      



       390
      










        2013
       












       242
      










        2014
       












       68
      










        2015
       












       27
      










        2016
       












       10
      










        2017 and thereafter
       












       7
      


















        Total
       








       $
      



       744
      






























      NOTE 2 —
EARNINGS PER SHARE
     




     Basic earnings per share
(“EPS”) is computed based on the weighted average
number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period.
Diluted EPS is computed based on the weighted average number of
shares of common stock plus the effect of dilutive potential common
shares outstanding during the period using the treasury stock
method. Dilutive potential common shares include outstanding stock
options, stock awards, and shared performance stock awards. The
components of basic and diluted EPS are as follows:
    





































        (In millions, except earnings per share)
       































































        Year Ended June 30,
       









        2011
       













        2010
       













        2009
       





















        Net income available for common
shareholders (A)
       









        $
       





        23,150
       














       $
      



       18,760
      











       $
      



       14,569
      




















        Weighted average outstanding shares
of common stock (B)
       















        8,490
       


















       8,813
      















       8,945
      










        Dilutive effect of stock-based
awards
       















        103
       


















       114
      















       51
      












































        Common stock and common stock
equivalents (C)
       















        8,593
       


















       8,927
      















       8,996
      

































































        Earnings Per Share
       





















































        Basic (A/B)
       









        $
       





        2.73
       














       $
      



       2.13
      











       $
      



       1.63
      










        Diluted (A/C)
       









        $
       





        2.69
       














       $
      



       2.10
      











       $
      



       1.62
      











     We excluded the following
shares underlying stock-based awards from the calculations of
diluted EPS because their inclusion would have been
anti-dilutive:
    





































        (In millions)
       































































        Year Ended June 30,
       









        2011
       













        2010
       













        2009
       





















        Shares excluded from calculations of
diluted EPS
       















        21
       


















       28
      















       342
      











     The decrease in
anti-dilutive shares from fiscal year 2009 to 2010 was due mainly
to the decrease in employee stock options outstanding.
    



     In June 2010, we issued
$1.25 billion of zero-coupon debt securities that are convertible
into shares of our common stock if certain conditions are
met. As of June 30, 2011, none of these securities had
met price or other conditions that would make them eligible for
issuance and therefore were excluded from the calculation of either
the basic or diluted EPS. See Note 12 – Debt for
additional information.
    


  10000000
79000000
  


     The following tables
present the changes during the fiscal years 2011 and 2010 in our
Level 3 financial instruments that are measured at fair value on a
recurring basis. The majority of these instruments consist of
investment securities classified as available-for-sale with changes
in fair value included in OCI.
    













































        (In millions)
       










         Corporate
        





         Notes and
        





         Bonds
        















         Common
        





         and
        





         Preferred
        





         Stock
        















         Derivative
        





         Assets
        














        Total
       

































        Year Ended June 30, 2011
       



































































        Balance, beginning of
period
       









        $
       





        167
       















        $
       





        5
       















        $
       





        9
       















        $
       





        181
       













        Total realized and unrealized gains
(losses):
       







































































        Included in other income
(expense)
       















        39
       





















        0
       





















        11
       





















        50
       













        Included in other comprehensive
income
       















        (63
       





        )
       















        0
       





















        0
       





















        (63
       





        )
       







        Purchases, issuances and
settlements
       















        (85
       





        )
       















        0
       





















        0
       





















        (85
       





        )
       






















































        Balance, end of period
       









        $
       





        58
       















        $
       





        5
       















        $
       





        20
       















        $
       





        83
       







































































        Change in unrealized gains (losses)
included in other income (expense) related to assets held as of
June 30, 2011
       









        $
       





        6
       















        $
       





        0
       















        $
       





        11
       















        $
       





        17
       

































        (In millions)
       









        Corporate
        
        Notes and
        
        Bonds
       













        Common
        
        and
        
        Preferred
        
        Stock
       













        Derivative
        
        Assets
       













        Total
       































        Year Ended June 30, 2010
       



































































        Balance, beginning of
period
       








       $
      



       253
      











       $
      



       5
      











       $
      



       5
      











       $
      



       263
      










        Total realized and unrealized gains
(losses):
       







































































        Included in other income
(expense)
       












       6
      















       0
      















       4
      















       10
      










        Included in other comprehensive
income
       












       (92
      



       )
      











       0
      















       0
      















       (92
      



       )
      





















































        Balance, end of period
       








       $
      



       167
      











       $
      



       5
      











       $
      



       9
      











       $
      



       181
      




































































        Change in unrealized gains (losses)
included in other income (expense) related to assets held as of
June 30, 2010
       








       $
      



       6
      











       $
      



       0
      











       $
      



       4
      











       $
      



       10
      










  6897000000
5180000000
28071000000
  



      Revenue Recognition
     




     Revenue is recognized
when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has
occurred, the fee is fixed or determinable, and collectibility is
probable. Revenue generally is recognized net of any taxes
collected from customers and subsequently remitted to governmental
authorities.
    



     Revenue for retail
packaged products, products licensed to original equipment
manufacturers (“OEMs”), and perpetual licenses under
certain volume licensing programs generally is recognized as
products are shipped or made available. Revenue for products under
technology guarantee programs, which provide free or significantly
discounted rights to use upcoming new versions of a software
product if an end user licenses existing versions of the product
during the eligibility period, is allocated between existing
product and the new product, and revenue allocated to the new
product is deferred until that version is delivered. The revenue
allocation is based on vendor-specific objective evidence of fair
value of the products.
    



     Certain multi-year
licensing arrangements include a perpetual license for current
products combined with rights to receive future versions of
software products on a when-and-if-available basis (“Software
Assurance”) and are accounted for as subscriptions, with
billings recorded as unearned revenue and recognized as revenue
ratably over the billing coverage period. Revenue from certain
arrangements that allow for the use of a product or service over a
period of time without taking possession of software are also
accounted for as subscriptions. Revenue for software products where
customers have the right to receive unspecified
upgrades/enhancements on a when-and-if-available basis and for
which vendor-specific objective evidence of fair value does not
exist for the upgrades/enhancements is recognized on a
straight-line basis over the estimated life of the
software.
    



     Revenue related to our
Xbox 360 gaming and entertainment console, Kinect for Xbox 360,
games published by us, and other hardware components is generally
recognized when ownership is transferred to the resellers. Revenue
related to games published by third parties for use on the Xbox 360
platform is recognized when games are manufactured by the game
publishers.
    



     Display advertising
revenue is recognized as advertisements are displayed. Search
advertising revenue is recognized when the ad appears in the search
results or when the action necessary to earn the revenue has been
completed. Consulting services revenue is recognized as services
are rendered, generally based on the negotiated hourly rate in the
consulting arrangement and the number of hours worked during the
period. Consulting revenue for fixed-price services arrangements is
recognized as services are provided. Revenue from prepaid points
redeemable for the purchase of software or services is recognized
upon redemption of the points and delivery of the software or
services.
    





     The components of
intangible assets, all of which are finite-lived, were as
follows:
    





























































        (In millions)
       









        Gross
        
        Carrying
        
        Amount
       













        Accumulated
        
        Amortization
       













        Net Carrying
        
        Amount
       













        Gross
        
        Carrying
        
        Amount
       













        Accumulated
        
        Amortization
       













        Net Carrying
        
        Amount
       





































        Year Ended June 30,
       

































        2011
       





































        2010
       



























        Contract-based
       









        $
       





        1,068
       















        $
       





        (966
       





        )
       









        $
       





        102
       














       $
      



       1,075
      











       $
      



       (914
      



       )
      







       $
      



       161
      










        Technology-based
       


         (a)
        
















        2,356
       





















        (1,831
       





        )
       















        525
       


















       2,308
      















       (1,521
      



       )
      











       787
      










        Marketing-related
       















        113
       





















        (98
       





        )
       















        15
       


















       114
      















       (86
      



       )
      











       28
      










        Customer-related
       















        326
       





















        (224
       





        )
       















        102
       


















       390
      















       (208
      



       )
      











       182
      



















































































        Total
       









        $
       





        3,863
       















        $
       





        (3,119
       





        )
       









        $
       





        744
       














       $
      



       3,887
      











       $
      



       (2,729
      



       )
      







       $
      



       1,158
      


































































































       (a)
      





         Technology-based intangible assets included $179 million and
$249 million as of June 30, 2011 and 2010, respectively, of
net carrying amount of software to be sold, leased, or otherwise
marketed.
        






  19209000000
215000000
77000000
  


     The activity in other
comprehensive income and related income tax effects were as
follows:
    





































        (In millions)
       































































        Year Ended June 30,
       









        2011
       













        2010
       













        2009
       





















        Net Unrealized Gains on Derivatives
       





















































        Unrealized gains (losses), net of tax
effects of
        
         $(340)
        
        , $188, and $472
       









        $
       





        (632
       





        )
       








       $
      



       349
      











       $
      



       876
      










        Reclassification adjustment for gains
included in net income, net of tax effects of
        
         $2
        
        , $(173),
and $(309)
       















        5
       


















       (322
      



       )
      











       (574
      



       )
      








































        Net unrealized gains on
derivatives
       









        $
       





        (627
       





        )
       








       $
      



       27
      











       $
      



       302
      






















































        Net Unrealized Gains (Losses) on Investments
       





















































        Unrealized gains (losses), net of tax
effects of
        
         $726
        
        , $263, and $(142)
       









        $
       





        1,349
       














       $
      



       488
      











       $
      



       (263
      



       )
      






        Reclassification adjustment for
losses (gains) included in net income, net of tax effects of
        
         $(159)
        
        , $(120), and $16
       















        (295
       





        )
       












       (223
      



       )
      











       30
      












































        Net unrealized gains (losses) on
investments
       















        1,054
       


















       265
      















       (233
      



       )
      








































        Translation adjustments and other,
net of tax effects of
        
         $205
        
        , $(103) and $(133)
       















        381
       


















       (206
      



       )
      











       (240
      



       )
      








































        Other comprehensive income
(loss)
       









        $
       





        808
       














       $
      



       86
      











       $
      



       (171
      



       )
      
















































  2.69
10
199000000
1000000000
50000000
447000000
2000000
  



      Debt Investment
Maturities
     






























        (In millions)
       









        Cost Basis
       














         Estimated
        





         Fair Value
        






























        June 30, 2011
       







































        Due in one year or less
       








       $
      



       23,982
      











       $
      



       24,053
      










        Due after one year through five
years
       












       19,516
      















       19,733
      










        Due after five years through 10
years
       












       2,516
      















       2,637
      










        Due after 10 years
       












       2,811
      















       2,945
      































        Total
       








       $
      



       48,825
      











       $
      



       49,368
      







































  808000000
1602000000
2000000000
5300000000
-0.156
209000000
1.04
295000000
0.011
  



      Cost of Revenue
     




     Cost of revenue includes;
manufacturing and distribution costs for products sold and programs
licensed; operating costs related to product support service
centers and product distribution centers; costs incurred to include
software on PCs sold by OEMs, to drive traffic to our Web sites,
and to acquire online advertising space (“traffic acquisition
costs”); costs incurred to support and maintain
Internet-based products and services, including royalties; warranty
costs; inventory valuation adjustments; costs associated with the
delivery of consulting services; and the amortization of
capitalized research and development costs. Capitalized research
and development costs are amortized over the estimated lives of the
products.
    





     Significant reconciling
items were as follows:
    





































        (In millions)
       































































        Year Ended June 30,
       









        2011
       













        2010
       













        2009
       





















        Corporate-level
activity
       


         (a)
        










        $
       





        (4,619
       





        )
       








       $
      



       (4,260
      



       )
      







       $
      



       (4,318
      



       )
      






        Stock-based compensation
expense
       















        544
       


















       556
      















       753
      










        Revenue reconciling
amounts
       















        632
       


















       366
      















       256
      










        Other
       















        (141
       





        )
       












       58
      















       (19
      



       )
      








































        Total
       









        $
       





        (3,584
       





        )
       








       $
      



       (3,280
      



       )
      







       $
      



       (3,328
      



       )
      























































       (a)
      





         Corporate-level activity excludes stock-based compensation
expense and revenue reconciling amounts presented separately in
those line items.
        






  2000000
-632000000
-295000000
739000000
-0.002
  


     Following are the gross
fair values of derivative instruments designated as hedging
instruments (“designated hedge derivatives”) and not
designated as hedging instruments (“non-designated hedge
derivatives”) that were held at June 30, 2011 and 2010.
The fair values exclude the impact of netting derivative assets and
liabilities when a legally enforceable master netting agreement
exists and fair value adjustments related to our own credit risk
and counterparty credit risk.
    





























































        (In millions)
       










         Foreign
        





         Exchange
        





         Contracts
        















         Equity
        





         Contracts
        















         Interest
        





         Rate
        





         Contracts
        















         Credit
        





         Contracts
        















         Commodity
        





         Contracts
        















         Total
        





         Derivatives
        






































        June 30, 2011
       































































































        Assets
       































































































        Non-designated hedge
derivatives:
       







































































































        Short-term investments
       









        $
       





        14
       















        $
       





        179
       















        $
       





        0
       















        $
       





        17
       















        $
       





        4
       















        $
       





        214
       













        Other current assets
       















        73
       





















        0
       





















        0
       





















        0
       





















        0
       





















        73
       






















































































        Total
       









        $
       





        87
       















        $
       





        179
       















        $
       





        0
       















        $
       





        17
       















        $
       





        4
       















        $
       





        287
       













        Designated hedge
derivatives:
       







































































































        Short-term investments
       









        $
       





        6
       















        $
       





        0
       















        $
       





        0
       















        $
       





        0
       















        $
       





        0
       















        $
       





        6
       













        Other current assets
       















        123
       





















        0
       





















        0
       





















        0
       





















        0
       





















        123
       






















































































        Total
       









        $
       





        129
       















        $
       





        0
       















        $
       





        0
       















        $
       





        0
       















        $
       





        0
       















        $
       





        129
       

































































































        Total assets
       









        $
       





        216
       















        $
       





        179
       















        $
       





        0
       















        $
       





        17
       















        $
       





        4
       















        $
       





        416
       

















































































































        Liabilities
       































































































        Non-designated hedge
derivatives:
       







































































































        Other current liabilities
       









        $
       





        (91
       





        )
       









        $
       





        (12
       





        )
       









        $
       





        (9
       





        )
       









        $
       





        (19
       





        )
       









        $
       





        (4
       





        )
       









        $
       





        (135
       





        )
       







        Designated hedge
derivatives:
       







































































































        Other current liabilities
       









        $
       





        (128
       





        )
       









        $
       





        0
       















        $
       





        0
       















        $
       





        0
       















        $
       





        0
       















        $
       





        (128
       





        )
       
















































































        Total liabilities
       









        $
       





        (219
       





        )
       









        $
       





        (12
       





        )
       









        $
       





        (9
       





        )
       









        $
       





        (19
       





        )
       









        $
       





        (4
       





        )
       









        $
       





        (263
       





        )
       





















































































































































        (In millions)
       










         Foreign
        





         Exchange
        





         Contracts
        















         Equity
        





         Contracts
        















         Interest
        





         Rate
        





         Contracts
        















         Credit
        





         Contracts
        















         Commodity
        





         Contracts
        















         Total
        





         Derivatives
        






































        June 30, 2010
       































































































        Assets
       































































































        Non-designated hedge
derivatives:
       







































































































        Short-term investments
       








       $
      



       15
      











       $
      



       134
      











       $
      



       12
      











       $
      



       7
      











       $
      



       8
      











       $
      



       176
      










        Other current assets
       












       34
      















       0
      















       0
      















       0
      















       0
      















       34
      



















































































        Total
       








       $
      



       49
      











       $
      



       134
      











       $
      



       12
      











       $
      



       7
      











       $
      



       8
      











       $
      



       210
      










        Designated hedge
derivatives:
       







































































































        Short-term investments
       








       $
      



       3
      











       $
      



       0
      











       $
      



       0
      











       $
      



       0
      











       $
      



       0
      











       $
      



       3
      










        Other current assets
       












       563
      















       0
      















       0
      















       0
      















       0
      















       563
      



















































































        Total
       








       $
      



       566
      











       $
      



       0
      











       $
      



       0
      











       $
      



       0
      











       $
      



       0
      











       $
      



       566
      






























































































        Total assets
       








       $
      



       615
      











       $
      



       134
      











       $
      



       12
      











       $
      



       7
      











       $
      



       8
      











       $
      



       776
      














































































































        Liabilities
       































































































        Non-designated hedge
derivatives:
       







































































































        Other current liabilities
       








       $
      



       (60
      



       )
      







       $
      



       (17
      



       )
      







       $
      



       (33
      



       )
      







       $
      



       (41
      



       )
      







       $
      



       (5
      



       )
      







       $
      



       (156
      



       )
      






        Designated hedge
derivatives:
       







































































































        Other current liabilities
       








       $
      



       (9
      



       )
      







       $
      



       0
      











       $
      



       0
      











       $
      



       0
      











       $
      



       0
      











       $
      



       (9
      



       )
      















































































        Total liabilities
       








       $
      



       (69
      



       )
      







       $
      



       (17
      



       )
      







       $
      



       (33
      



       )
      







       $
      



       (41
      



       )
      







       $
      



       (5
      



       )
      







       $
      



       (165
      



       )
      























































































  -77000000
  



      NOTE 19 — OTHER
COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
     




     The activity in other
comprehensive income and related income tax effects were as
follows:
    





































        (In millions)
       































































        Year Ended June 30,
       









        2011
       













        2010
       













        2009
       





















        Net Unrealized Gains on Derivatives
       





















































        Unrealized gains (losses), net of tax
effects of
        
         $(340)
        
        , $188, and $472
       









        $
       





        (632
       





        )
       








       $
      



       349
      











       $
      



       876
      










        Reclassification adjustment for gains
included in net income, net of tax effects of
        
         $2
        
        , $(173),
and $(309)
       















        5
       


















       (322
      



       )
      











       (574
      



       )
      








































        Net unrealized gains on
derivatives
       









        $
       





        (627
       





        )
       








       $
      



       27
      











       $
      



       302
      






















































        Net Unrealized Gains (Losses) on Investments
       





















































        Unrealized gains (losses), net of tax
effects of
        
         $726
        
        , $263, and $(142)
       









        $
       





        1,349
       














       $
      



       488
      











       $
      



       (263
      



       )
      






        Reclassification adjustment for
losses (gains) included in net income, net of tax effects of
        
         $(159)
        
        , $(120), and $16
       















        (295
       





        )
       












       (223
      



       )
      











       30
      












































        Net unrealized gains (losses) on
investments
       















        1,054
       


















       265
      















       (233
      



       )
      








































        Translation adjustments and other,
net of tax effects of
        
         $205
        
        , $(103) and $(133)
       















        381
       


















       (206
      



       )
      











       (240
      



       )
      








































        Other comprehensive income
(loss)
       









        $
       





        808
       














       $
      



       86
      











       $
      



       (171
      



       )
      



















































     The components of
accumulated other comprehensive income were as follows:
    





































        (In millions)
       































































        Year Ended June 30,
       









        2011
       













        2010
       













        2009
       





















        Net unrealized gains (losses) on
derivatives
       









        $
       





        (163
       





        )
       








       $
      



       464
      











       $
      



       437
      










        Net unrealized gains on
investments
       















        1,821
       


















       767
      















       502
      










        Translation adjustments and
other
       















        205
       


















       (176
      



       )
      











       30
      












































        Accumulated other comprehensive
income
       









        $
       





        1,863
       














       $
      



       1,055
      











       $
      



       969
      























































     The components of other
income (expense) were as follows:
    





































        (In millions)
       































































        Year Ended June 30,
       









        2011
       













        2010
       













        2009
       





















        Dividends and interest
income
       









        $
       





        900
       














       $
      



       843
      











       $
      



       744
      










        Interest expense
       















        (295
       





        )
       












       (151
      



       )
      











       (38
      



       )
      






        Net recognized gains (losses) on
investments
       















        439
       


















       348
      















       (125
      



       )
      






        Net losses on derivatives
       















        (77
       





        )
       












       (140
      



       )
      











       (558
      



       )
      






        Net gains (losses) on foreign
currency remeasurements
       















        (26
       





        )
       












       1
      















       (509
      



       )
      






        Other
       















        (31
       





        )
       












       14
      















       (56
      



       )
      








































        Total
       









        $
       





        910
       














       $
      



       915
      











       $
      



       (542
      



       )
      
















































  23150000000
910000000
  



      NOTE 17 —
CONTINGENCIES
     





      Government Competition Law
Matters
     




     Since 2001, we have been
subject to a Consent Decree and Final Judgment (“Final
Judgments”) that resolved lawsuits brought by the U.S.
Department of Justice, 18 states, and the District of Columbia in
two separate actions. The Final Judgments imposed various
constraints on our Windows operating system businesses. The Final
Judgments expired in May 2011.
    



     In other ongoing
investigations, various foreign governments and several state
attorneys general have requested information from us concerning
competition, privacy, and security issues.
    






      Antitrust, Unfair Competition, and
Overcharge Class Actions
     




     A large number of
antitrust and unfair competition class action lawsuits were filed
against us in various state, federal, and Canadian courts on behalf
of various classes of direct and indirect purchasers of our PC
operating system and certain other software products. We obtained
dismissals of damages claims of indirect purchasers under federal
law and in 15 states. Courts refused to certify classes in two
additional states. We have reached agreements to settle all claims
that have been made to date in 19 states and the District of
Columbia.
    



     The settlements in all
states have received final court approval. Under the settlements,
generally class members can obtain vouchers that entitle them to be
reimbursed for purchases of a wide variety of platform-neutral
computer hardware and software. The total value of vouchers that we
may issue varies by state. We will make available to certain
schools a percentage of those vouchers that are not issued or
claimed (one-half to two-thirds depending on the state). The total
value of vouchers we ultimately issue will depend on the number of
class members who make claims and are issued vouchers. The maximum
value of vouchers to be issued is approximately $2.7 billion. The
actual costs of these settlements will be less than that maximum
amount, depending on the number of class members and schools that
are issued and redeem vouchers. We estimate the total cost to
resolve all of the state overcharge class action cases will range
between $1.9 billion and $2.0 billion. At June 30, 2011, we
have recorded a liability related to these claims of approximately
$568 million, which reflects our estimated exposure of $1.9 billion
less payments made to date of approximately $1.3 billion mostly for
vouchers, legal fees, and administrative expenses.
    



     The three cases pending
in British Columbia, Ontario, and Quebec, Canada have not been
settled. In March 2010, the court in the British Columbia case
certified it as a class action. On April 15, 2011, the British
Columbia Court of Appeal reversed the class certification ruling
and dismissed the case, holding that indirect purchasers do not
have a claim. The plaintiffs have sought review by the Canadian
Supreme Court. The other two actions have been stayed.
    




      Other Antitrust Litigation and
Claims
     




     In November 2004, Novell,
Inc. (“Novell”) filed a complaint in U.S. District
Court for the District of Utah (later transferred to federal court
in Maryland), asserting antitrust and unfair competition claims
against us related to Novell’s ownership of WordPerfect and
other productivity applications during the period between June 1994
and March 1996. In June 2005, the trial court granted our motion to
dismiss four of six claims of the complaint. In March 2010 the
trial court granted summary judgment in favor of Microsoft as to
all remaining claims. The court of appeals has reversed that
ruling, and the case is scheduled for trial in Utah in October
2011.
    




      Patent and Intellectual Property
Claims
     




     In 2003, we filed an
action in U.S. District Court in California seeking a declaratory
judgment that we do not infringe certain Alcatel-Lucent patents
(although this action began before the merger of Alcatel and Lucent
in 2006, for simplicity we refer to the post-merger entity of
Alcatel-Lucent). In April 2008, a jury returned a verdict in
Alcatel-Lucent’s favor in a trial on a consolidated group of
one video and three user interface patents. The jury concluded that
we had infringed two user interface patents and awarded $367
million in damages. In June 2008, the trial judge increased the
amount of damages to $512 million to include $145 million of
interest. We appealed that award. In December 2008, we entered into
a settlement agreement resolving all other litigation pending
between Microsoft and Alcatel-Lucent, leaving approximately $500
million remaining in dispute. In September 2009, the court of
appeals affirmed the liability award but vacated the verdict and
remanded the case to the trial court for a re-trial of the damages
ruling, indicating the damages previously awarded were too high.
Trial on the remanded damages claim was held in July
2011.
    



     In October 2003, Uniloc
USA Inc. (“Uniloc”), a subsidiary of a Singapore-based
company, filed a patent infringement suit in U.S. District Court in
Rhode Island, claiming that product activation technology
supporting Windows XP and certain other Microsoft programs violated
a Uniloc patent. After we obtained a favorable summary judgment
that we did not infringe any of the claims of this patent, the
court of appeals vacated the trial court decision and remanded the
case for trial. In April 2009, the jury returned a $388 million
verdict against us, including a finding of willful infringement. In
September 2009, the district court judge overturned the jury
verdict, ruling that the evidence did not support the jury’s
findings either that Microsoft infringed the patent or was willful.
Uniloc appealed, and in January 2011 the court of appeals reversed
the district court’s finding of non-infringement (thus
reinstating the jury verdict of infringement) but affirmed the
district court’s ruling that Microsoft was not willful and
affirmed the district court’s grant of a new trial on
damages. Uniloc’s petition for rehearing of the court of
appeals’ decision as to damages was denied. A new trial on
damages has been set for January 2012.
    



     In March 2007, i4i
Limited Partnership (“i4i”) sued Microsoft in U.S.
District Court in Texas claiming that certain custom XML technology
in Word 2003 and 2007 infringed i4i’s patent. In May 2009, a
jury returned a verdict against us, finding damages of $200 million
and that we willfully infringed the patent. In August 2009, the
court denied our post-trial motions and awarded enhanced damages of
$40 million and prejudgment interest of $37 million. The court
also issued a permanent injunction prohibiting additional
distribution of the allegedly infringing technology. We appealed
and the appellate court stayed the injunction pending our appeal.
In December 2009, the court of appeals rejected our appeal and
affirmed the trial court’s judgment and injunction, except
that the court of appeals modified the effective date of the
injunction to January 11, 2010. We appealed to the U.S.
Supreme Court, and in June 2011 the court affirmed the judgment of
the court of appeals.
    



     In October 2010, we filed
suit against Motorola with the International Trade Commission
(“ITC”) and in U.S. District Court in Washington for
infringement of nine Microsoft patents by Motorola’s
Android-based devices. Since then, Microsoft and Motorola have
filed additional actions against each other in the ITC and federal
courts in Washington, Wisconsin, Florida, and California. Microsoft
asserts Motorola’s Android-based devices violate 23 of its
patents, and Motorola asserts various Microsoft products (including
Windows, Windows Phone 7, Windows Mobile 6.5, Xbox, Bing Maps,
Hotmail, Messenger, and Exchange Server) violate 21 Motorola
patents. Microsoft also claims Motorola has breached its
contractual commitments to the Institute of Electrical and
Electronics Engineers (“IEEE”) and International
Telecommunications Union (“ITU”) to license identified
patents related to wireless and video coding technologies under
reasonable and non-discriminatory (“RAND”) terms and
conditions. Motorola asserts that Microsoft breached contractual
commitments to the SD Card Association to license two patents under
RAND terms and conditions, and asserts federal antitrust and state
unfair business practice claims. Trial in our ITC case is set
for August 2011, trial in Motorola’s ITC case is set for
October 2011, and trial of both parties’ patent infringement
claims in Florida also is set for October 2011.
    



     In addition to these
cases, there are approximately 55 other patent infringement cases
pending against Microsoft.
    




      Other
     




     We also are subject to a
variety of other claims and suits that arise from time to time in
the ordinary course of our business. Although management currently
believes that resolving claims against us, individually or in
aggregate, will not have a material adverse impact on our financial
statements, these matters are subject to inherent uncertainties and
management’s view of these matters may change in the
future.
    



     As of June 30, 2011,
we had accrued aggregate liabilities of $693 million in other
current liabilities and $276 million in other long-term liabilities
for all of the contingent matters described in this note. While we
intend to vigorously defend these matters, there exists the
possibility of adverse outcomes that we estimate could reach
approximately $800 million in aggregate beyond recorded amounts.
Were unfavorable final outcomes to occur, there exists the
possibility of a material adverse impact on our financial
statements for the period in which the effects become reasonably
estimable.
    





     The changes in our
aggregate product warranty liabilities, which are included in other
current liabilities and other long term-liabilities on our balance
sheets, were as follows:
    





























        (In millions)
       

















































        Year Ended June 30,
       









        2011
       













        2010
       



















        Balance, beginning of year
       









        $
       





        240
       














       $
      



       342
      










        Accruals for warranties
issued
       















        55
       


















       144
      










        Adjustments to pre-existing
warranties
       















        0
       


















       (2
      



       )
      






        Settlements of warranty
claims
       















        (123
       





        )
       












       (244
      



       )
      



























        Balance, end of year
       









        $
       





        172
       














       $
      



       240
      










































     The components of the
provision for income taxes were as follows:
    





































        (In millions)
       































        Year Ended June 30,
       









        2011
       













        2010
       













        2009
       





















        Current Taxes
       





















































        U.S. federal
       









        $
       





        3,108
       














       $
      



       4,415
      











       $
      



       3,159
      










        U.S. state and local
       















        209
       


















       357
      















       192
      










        International
       















        1,602
       


















       1,701
      















       1,139
      












































        Current taxes
       















        4,919
       


















       6,473
      















       4,490
      




















        Deferred Taxes
       





















































        Deferred taxes
       















        2
       


















       (220
      



       )
      











       762
      












































        Provision for income taxes
       









        $
       





        4,921
       














       $
      



       6,253
      











       $
      



       5,252
      




















































  0
3108000000
9043000000
2000000
17000000
11458000000
  



      NOTE 1 —
ACCOUNTING POLICIES
     





      Accounting
Principles
     




     The financial statements
and accompanying notes are prepared in accordance with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America
(“U.S. GAAP”).
    




      Principles of
Consolidation
     




     The financial statements
include the accounts of Microsoft Corporation and its subsidiaries.
Intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated. Equity
investments through which we exercise significant influence over
but do not control the investee and are not the primary beneficiary
of the investee’s activities are accounted for using the
equity method. Investments through which we are not able to
exercise significant influence over the investee and which do not
have readily determinable fair values are accounted for under the
cost method.
    




      Estimates and
Assumptions
     




     Preparing financial
statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue,
and expenses. Examples include: estimates of loss contingencies,
product warranties, product life cycles, product returns, and
stock-based compensation forfeiture rates; assumptions such as the
elements comprising a software arrangement, including the
distinction between upgrades/enhancements and new products; when
technological feasibility is achieved for our products; the
potential outcome of future tax consequences of events that have
been recognized in our financial statements or tax returns;
estimating the fair value and/or goodwill impairment for our
reporting units; and determining when investment impairments are
other-than-temporary. Actual results and outcomes may differ from
management’s estimates and assumptions.
    




      Foreign Currencies
     




     Assets and liabilities
recorded in foreign currencies are translated at the exchange rate
on the balance sheet date. Revenue and expenses are translated at
average rates of exchange prevailing during the year. Translation
adjustments resulting from this process are recorded to Other
Comprehensive Income (“OCI”).
    




      Revenue Recognition
     




     Revenue is recognized
when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has
occurred, the fee is fixed or determinable, and collectibility is
probable. Revenue generally is recognized net of any taxes
collected from customers and subsequently remitted to governmental
authorities.
    



     Revenue for retail
packaged products, products licensed to original equipment
manufacturers (“OEMs”), and perpetual licenses under
certain volume licensing programs generally is recognized as
products are shipped or made available. Revenue for products under
technology guarantee programs, which provide free or significantly
discounted rights to use upcoming new versions of a software
product if an end user licenses existing versions of the product
during the eligibility period, is allocated between existing
product and the new product, and revenue allocated to the new
product is deferred until that version is delivered. The revenue
allocation is based on vendor-specific objective evidence of fair
value of the products.
    



     Certain multi-year
licensing arrangements include a perpetual license for current
products combined with rights to receive future versions of
software products on a when-and-if-available basis (“Software
Assurance”) and are accounted for as subscriptions, with
billings recorded as unearned revenue and recognized as revenue
ratably over the billing coverage period. Revenue from certain
arrangements that allow for the use of a product or service over a
period of time without taking possession of software are also
accounted for as subscriptions. Revenue for software products where
customers have the right to receive unspecified
upgrades/enhancements on a when-and-if-available basis and for
which vendor-specific objective evidence of fair value does not
exist for the upgrades/enhancements is recognized on a
straight-line basis over the estimated life of the
software.
    



     Revenue related to our
Xbox 360 gaming and entertainment console, Kinect for Xbox 360,
games published by us, and other hardware components is generally
recognized when ownership is transferred to the resellers. Revenue
related to games published by third parties for use on the Xbox 360
platform is recognized when games are manufactured by the game
publishers.
    



     Display advertising
revenue is recognized as advertisements are displayed. Search
advertising revenue is recognized when the ad appears in the search
results or when the action necessary to earn the revenue has been
completed. Consulting services revenue is recognized as services
are rendered, generally based on the negotiated hourly rate in the
consulting arrangement and the number of hours worked during the
period. Consulting revenue for fixed-price services arrangements is
recognized as services are provided. Revenue from prepaid points
redeemable for the purchase of software or services is recognized
upon redemption of the points and delivery of the software or
services.
    




      Cost of Revenue
     




     Cost of revenue includes;
manufacturing and distribution costs for products sold and programs
licensed; operating costs related to product support service
centers and product distribution centers; costs incurred to include
software on PCs sold by OEMs, to drive traffic to our Web sites,
and to acquire online advertising space (“traffic acquisition
costs”); costs incurred to support and maintain
Internet-based products and services, including royalties; warranty
costs; inventory valuation adjustments; costs associated with the
delivery of consulting services; and the amortization of
capitalized research and development costs. Capitalized research
and development costs are amortized over the estimated lives of the
products.
    




      Product Warranty
     




     We provide for the
estimated costs of fulfilling our obligations under hardware and
software warranties at the time the related revenue is recognized.
For hardware warranties, we estimate the costs based on historical
and projected product failure rates, historical and projected
repair costs, and knowledge of specific product failures (if any).
The specific hardware warranty terms and conditions vary depending
upon the product sold and the country in which we do business, but
generally include parts and labor over a period generally ranging
from 90 days to three years. For software warranties, we
estimate the costs to provide bug fixes, such as security patches,
over the estimated life of the software. We regularly reevaluate
our estimates to assess the adequacy of the recorded warranty
liabilities and adjust the amounts as necessary.
    




      Research and
Development
     




     Research and development
expenses include payroll, employee benefits, stock-based
compensation expense, and other headcount-related expenses
associated with product development. Research and development
expenses also include third-party development and programming
costs, localization costs incurred to translate software for
international markets, and the amortization of purchased software
code and services content. Such costs related to software
development are included in research and development expense until
the point that technological feasibility is reached, which for our
software products, is generally shortly before the products are
released to manufacturing. Once technological feasibility is
reached, such costs are capitalized and amortized to cost of
revenue over the estimated lives of the products.
    




      Sales and Marketing
     




     Sales and marketing
expenses include payroll, employee benefits, stock-based
compensation expense, and other headcount-related expenses
associated with sales and marketing personnel, and the costs of
advertising, promotions, trade shows, seminars, and other programs.
Advertising costs are expensed as incurred. Advertising expense was
$1.9 billion, $1.6 billion, and $1.4 billion in fiscal years 2011,
2010, and 2009, respectively.
    






      Employee Severance
     




     We record employee
severance when a specific plan has been approved by management, the
plan has been communicated to employees, and it is unlikely that
significant changes will be made to the plan. In January 2009, we
announced and implemented a resource management program to reduce
discretionary operating expenses, employee headcount, and capital
expenditures. Severance expenses associated with this program were
$59 million and $330 million in fiscal years 2010 and 2009,
respectively, and are included in general and administrative
expenses.
    




      Stock-Based
Compensation
     




     We measure stock-based
compensation cost at the grant date based on the fair value of the
award and recognize it as expense over the vesting or service
period, as applicable, of the stock award (generally four to five
years) using the straight-line method.
    




      Employee Stock Purchase
Plan
     




     Shares of our common
stock may be purchased by employees at three-month intervals at 90%
of the fair market value of the stock on the last day of each
three-month period. Compensation expense for the employee stock
purchase plan is measured as the discount the employee is entitled
to upon purchase and is recognized in the period of
purchase.
    




      Income Taxes
     




     Income tax expense
includes U.S. and international income taxes, the provision for
U.S. taxes on undistributed earnings of international subsidiaries
not deemed to be permanently invested, and interest and penalties
on uncertain tax positions. Certain income and expenses are not
reported in tax returns and financial statements in the same year.
The tax effect of such temporary differences is reported as
deferred income taxes. The deferred income taxes are classified as
current or long-term based on the classification of the related
asset or liability.
    




      Fair Value
Measurements
     




     We account for certain
assets and liabilities at fair value. The hierarchy below lists
three levels of fair value based on the extent to which inputs used
in measuring fair value are observable in the market. We
categorize each of our fair value measurements in one of these
three levels based on the lowest level input that is significant to
the fair value measurement in its entirety. These levels
are:
    











       •
      









         Level 1
        
        – inputs are based upon unadjusted quoted
prices for identical instruments traded in active markets. Our
Level 1 non-derivative investments primarily include U.S.
treasuries, domestic and international equities, and actively
traded mutual funds. Our Level 1 derivative assets and
liabilities include those actively traded on exchanges.
       














       •
      









         Level 2
        
        – inputs are based upon quoted prices for
similar instruments in active markets, quoted prices for identical
or similar instruments in markets that are not active, and
model-based valuation techniques (e.g. the Black-Scholes model) for
which all significant inputs are observable in the market or can be
corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full
term of the assets or liabilities. Where applicable, these models
project future cash flows and discount the future amounts to a
present value using market-based observable inputs including
interest rate curves, foreign exchange rates, and forward and spot
prices for currencies and commodities. Our Level 2 non-derivative
investments consist primarily of corporate notes and bonds,
mortgage-backed securities, agency securities, certificates of
deposit, and commercial paper. Our Level 2 derivative assets and
liabilities primarily include certain over-the-counter option and
swap contracts.
       














       •
      









         Level 3
        
        – inputs are generally unobservable and
typically reflect management’s estimates of assumptions that
market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability.
The fair values are therefore determined using model-based
techniques, including option pricing models and discounted cash
flow models. Our Level 3 non-derivative assets primarily comprise
investments in certain corporate bonds. We value these
corporate bonds using internally developed valuation models, inputs
to which include interest rate curves, credit spreads, stock
prices, and volatilities. Unobservable inputs used in these models
are significant to the fair values of the investments. Our Level 3
derivative assets and liabilities primarily comprise derivatives
for foreign equities. In certain cases, market-based observable
inputs are not available and we use management judgment to develop
assumptions to determine fair value for these
derivatives.
       






     We measure certain
assets, including our cost and equity method investments, at fair
value on a nonrecurring basis when they are deemed to be
other-than-temporarily impaired. The fair values of these
investments are determined based on valuation techniques using the
best information available, and may include quoted market prices,
market comparables, and discounted cash flow projections. An
impairment charge is recorded when the cost of the investment
exceeds its fair value and this condition is determined to be
other-than-temporary.
    



     Our current financial
liabilities have fair values that approximate their carrying
values. Our long-term financial liabilities consist of long-term
debt which is recorded on the balance sheet at issuance price less
unamortized discount.
    




      Financial
Instruments
     




     We consider all highly
liquid interest-earning investments with a maturity of three months
or less at the date of purchase to be cash equivalents. The fair
values of these investments approximate their carrying values. In
general, investments with original maturities of greater than three
months and remaining maturities of less than one year are
classified as short-term investments. Investments with maturities
beyond one year may be classified as short-term based on their
highly liquid nature and because such marketable securities
represent the investment of cash that is available for current
operations. All cash equivalents and short-term investments are
classified as available-for-sale and realized gains and losses are
recorded using the specific identification method. Changes in
market value, excluding other-than-temporary impairments, are
reflected in OCI.
    



     Equity and other
investments classified as long-term include both debt and equity
instruments. Debt and publicly-traded equity securities are
classified as available-for-sale and realized gains and losses are
recorded using the specific identification method. Changes in
market value, excluding other-than-temporary impairments, are
reflected in OCI. Common and preferred stock and other investments
that are restricted for more than one year or are not publicly
traded are recorded at cost or using the equity method.
    



     We lend certain
fixed-income and equity securities to increase investment returns.
The loaned securities continue to be carried as investments on our
balance sheet. Cash and/or security interests are received as
collateral for the loan securities with the amount determined based
upon the underlying security lent and the creditworthiness of the
borrower. Cash received is recorded as an asset with a
corresponding liability.
    



     Investments are
considered to be impaired when a decline in fair value is judged to
be other-than-temporary. Fair value is calculated based on publicly
available market information or other estimates determined by
management. We employ a systematic methodology on a quarterly basis
that considers available quantitative and qualitative evidence in
evaluating potential impairment of our investments. If the cost of
an investment exceeds its fair value, we evaluate, among other
factors, general market conditions, credit quality of debt
instrument issuers, the duration and extent to which the fair value
is less than cost, and for equity securities, our intent and
ability to hold, or plans to sell, the investment. For fixed-income
securities, we also evaluate whether we have plans to sell the
security or it is more likely than not that we will be required to
sell the security before recovery. We also consider specific
adverse conditions related to the financial health of and business
outlook for the investee, including industry and sector
performance, changes in technology, and operational and financing
cash flow factors. Once a decline in fair value is determined to be
other-than-temporary, an impairment charge is recorded to other
income (expense) and a new cost basis in the investment is
established.
    





     Derivative instruments
are recognized as either assets or liabilities and are measured at
fair value. The accounting for changes in the fair value of a
derivative depends on the intended use of the derivative and the
resulting designation.
    



     For a derivative
instrument designated as a fair-value hedge, the gain (loss) is
recognized in earnings in the period of change together with the
offsetting loss or gain on the hedged item attributed to the risk
being hedged. For options designated as fair-value hedges, changes
in the time value are excluded from the assessment of hedge
effectiveness and are recognized in earnings.
    



     For derivative
instruments designated as cash-flow hedges, the effective portion
of the derivative’s gain (loss) is initially reported as a
component of OCI and is subsequently recognized in earnings when
the hedged exposure is recognized in earnings. For options
designated as cash-flow hedges, changes in the time value are
excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness and are
recognized in earnings. Gains (losses) on derivatives representing
either hedge components excluded from the assessment of
effectiveness or hedge ineffectiveness are recognized in
earnings.
    



     For derivative
instruments that are not designated as hedges, gains (losses) from
changes in fair values are primarily recognized in other income
(expense). Other than those derivatives entered into for investment
purposes, such as commodity contracts, the gains (losses) are
generally economically offset by unrealized gains (losses) in the
underlying available-for-sale securities, which are recorded as a
component of OCI until the securities are sold or
other-than-temporarily impaired, at which time the amounts are
moved from OCI into other income (expense).
    




      Allowance for Doubtful
Accounts
     




     The allowance for
doubtful accounts reflects our best estimate of probable losses
inherent in the accounts receivable balance. We determine the
allowance based on known troubled accounts, historical experience,
and other currently available evidence. Activity in the allowance
for doubtful accounts was as follows:
    





































        (In millions)
       































































        Year Ended June 30,
       









        2011
       













        2010
       













        2009
       





















        Balance, beginning of
period
       









        $
       





        375
       














       $
      



       451
      











       $
      



       153
      










        Charged to costs and other
       















        14
       


















       45
      















       360
      










        Write-offs
       















        (56
       





        )
       












       (121
      



       )
      











       (62
      



       )
      








































        Balance, end of period
       









        $
       





        333
       














       $
      



       375
      











       $
      



       451
      
























































      Inventories
     




     Inventories are stated at
the lower of cost or market, using the average cost method. Cost
includes materials, labor, and manufacturing overhead related to
the purchase and production of inventories. We regularly review
inventory quantities on hand, future purchase commitments with our
suppliers, and the estimated utility of our inventory. If our
review indicates a reduction in utility below carrying value, we
reduce our inventory to a new cost basis through a charge to cost
of revenue.
    




      Property and
Equipment
     




     Property and equipment is
stated at cost and depreciated using the straight-line method over
the shorter of the estimated useful life of the asset or the lease
term. The estimated useful lives of our property and equipment are
generally as follows: computer software developed or acquired for
internal use, three years; computer equipment, two to three years;
buildings and improvements, five to 15 years; leasehold
improvements, two to 10 years; and furniture and equipment, one to
five years. Land is not depreciated.
    






      Goodwill
     




     Goodwill is tested for
impairment at the reporting unit level (operating segment or one
level below an operating segment) on an annual basis (May 1 for us)
and between annual tests if an event occurs or circumstances change
that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a
reporting unit below its carrying value.
    




      Intangible Assets
     




     All of our intangible
assets are subject to amortization and are amortized using the
straight-line method over their estimated period of benefit,
ranging from one to 10 years. We evaluate the recoverability of
intangible assets periodically by taking into account events or
circumstances that may warrant revised estimates of useful lives or
that indicate the asset may be impaired.
    




      Recently Issued Accounting
Standards
     





      Recently adopted accounting
pronouncements
     




     On July 1, 2010, we
adopted guidance issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board
(“FASB”) on revenue recognition. Under the new guidance
on arrangements that include software elements, tangible products
that have software components that are essential to the
functionality of the tangible product are no longer within the
scope of the software revenue recognition guidance, and
software-enabled products are now subject to other relevant revenue
recognition guidance. Additionally, the FASB issued guidance on
revenue arrangements with multiple deliverables that are outside
the scope of the software revenue recognition guidance. Under the
new guidance, when vendor specific objective evidence or third
party evidence for deliverables in an arrangement cannot be
determined, a best estimate of the selling price is required to
separate deliverables and allocate arrangement consideration using
the relative selling price method. The new guidance includes new
disclosure requirements on how the application of the relative
selling price method affects the timing and amount of revenue
recognition. Adoption of the new guidance did not have a material
impact on our financial statements.
    



     On July 1, 2010, we
adopted new guidance issued by the FASB on the consolidation of
variable interest entities. The new guidance requires revised
evaluations of whether entities represent variable interest
entities, ongoing assessments of control over such entities, and
additional disclosures for variable interests. Adoption of the new
guidance did not have a material impact on our financial
statements.
    




      Recent accounting pronouncements
not yet adopted
     




     In June 2011, the FASB
issued guidance on presentation of comprehensive income. The
new guidance eliminates the current option to report other
comprehensive income and its components in the statement of changes
in equity. Instead, an entity will be required to present
either a continuous statement of net income and other comprehensive
income or in two separate but consecutive statements. The new
guidance will be effective for us beginning July 1, 2012 and
will have presentation changes only.
    



     In May 2011, the FASB
issued guidance to amend the accounting and disclosure requirements
on fair value measurements. The new guidance limits the
highest-and-best-use measure to nonfinancial assets, permits
certain financial assets and liabilities with offsetting positions
in market or counterparty credit risks to be measured at a net
basis, and provides guidance on the applicability of premiums and
discounts. Additionally, the new guidance expands the
disclosures on Level 3 inputs by requiring quantitative disclosure
of the unobservable inputs and assumptions, as well as description
of the valuation processes and the sensitivity of the fair value to
changes in unobservable inputs. The new guidance will be effective
for us beginning January 1, 2012. Other than requiring
additional disclosures, we do not anticipate material impacts on
our financial statements upon adoption.
    





     In January 2010, the FASB
issued guidance to amend the disclosure requirements related to
fair value measurements. The guidance requires the disclosure of
roll forward activities on purchases, sales, issuance, and
settlements of the assets and liabilities measured using
significant unobservable inputs (Level 3 fair value measurements).
The guidance will become effective for us with the reporting period
beginning July 1, 2011. Other than requiring additional
disclosures, the adoption of this new guidance will not have a
material impact on our financial statements.
    






      Principles of
Consolidation
     




     The financial statements
include the accounts of Microsoft Corporation and its subsidiaries.
Intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated. Equity
investments through which we exercise significant influence over
but do not control the investee and are not the primary beneficiary
of the investee’s activities are accounted for using the
equity method. Investments through which we are not able to
exercise significant influence over the investee and which do not
have readily determinable fair values are accounted for under the
cost method.
    






      Employee Severance
     




     We record employee
severance when a specific plan has been approved by management, the
plan has been communicated to employees, and it is unlikely that
significant changes will be made to the plan. In January 2009, we
announced and implemented a resource management program to reduce
discretionary operating expenses, employee headcount, and capital
expenditures. Severance expenses associated with this program were
$59 million and $330 million in fiscal years 2010 and 2009,
respectively, and are included in general and administrative
expenses.
    






      NOTE 22 —
QUARTERLY INFORMATION (Unaudited)
     






















































        (In millions, except per share amounts)
       



























































































        Quarter Ended
       









        September 30
       













        December 31
       













        March 31
       













        June 30
       













        Total
       

























        Fiscal Year 2011
       

















































































        Revenue
       









        $
       





        16,195
       















        $
       





        19,953
       















        $
       





        16,428
       















        $
       





        17,367
       















        $
       





        69,943
       













        Gross profit
       















        13,056
       





















        15,120
       





















        12,531
       





















        13,659
       





















        54,366
       













        Net income
       















        5,410
       





















        6,634
       























        5,232
       







          (a)
         





















        5,874
       







          (b)
         



















        23,150
       













        Basic earnings per share
       















        0.63
       





















        0.78
       





















        0.62
       





















        0.70
       





















        2.73
       













        Diluted earnings per share
       















        0.62
       





















        0.77
       





















        0.61
       





















        0.69
       





















        2.69
       























































































        Fiscal Year 2010
       

















































































        Revenue
       








       $
      



       12,920
      






        (d)
       










       $
      



       19,022
      






        (c)
       










       $
      



       14,503
      











       $
      



       16,039
      











       $
      



       62,484
      










        Gross profit
       












       10,078
      















       15,394
      















       11,748
      















       12,869
      















       50,089
      










        Net income
       












       3,574
      















       6,662
      















       4,006
      















       4,518
      















       18,760
      










        Basic earnings per share
       












       0.40
      















       0.75
      















       0.46
      















       0.52
      















       2.13
      










        Diluted earnings per share
       












       0.40
      















       0.74
      















       0.45
      















       0.51
      















       2.10
      















       (a)
      





         Includes a partial settlement of an I.R.S. audit of tax
years 2004 to 2006, which increased net income by $461
million.
        









       (b)
      





         Reflects an effective tax rate of 7% due mainly to the
adjustment of our previously estimated effective tax rate for the
year to reflect the actual full year mix of foreign and U.S.
taxable income. In addition, upon completion of our annual domestic
and foreign tax returns, we adjusted the estimated tax provision to
reflect the tax returns filed and recorded an income tax benefit
which lowered our effective tax rate.
        









       (c)
      





         Reflects $1.7 billion of revenue recognized for sales of
Windows Vista with a guarantee to be upgraded to Windows 7 at
minimal or no cost and of Windows 7 to original equipment
manufacturers and retailers before general availability (the
“Windows 7 Deferral”).
        









       (d)
      





         Reflects $1.5 billion of revenue deferred to future periods
relating to the Windows 7 Deferral.
        






  12200000000
2166000000
21000000
537000000
15577000000
119000000
390000000
  


















































        (In millions, except per share amounts)
       



























































































        Quarter Ended
       









        September 30
       













        December 31
       













        March 31
       













        June 30
       













        Total
       

























        Fiscal Year 2011
       

















































































        Revenue
       









        $
       





        16,195
       















        $
       





        19,953
       















        $
       





        16,428
       















        $
       





        17,367
       















        $
       





        69,943
       













        Gross profit
       















        13,056
       





















        15,120
       





















        12,531
       





















        13,659
       





















        54,366
       













        Net income
       















        5,410
       





















        6,634
       























        5,232
       







          (a)
         





















        5,874
       







          (b)
         



















        23,150
       













        Basic earnings per share
       















        0.63
       





















        0.78
       





















        0.62
       





















        0.70
       





















        2.73
       













        Diluted earnings per share
       















        0.62
       





















        0.77
       





















        0.61
       





















        0.69
       





















        2.69
       























































































        Fiscal Year 2010
       

















































































        Revenue
       








       $
      



       12,920
      






        (d)
       










       $
      



       19,022
      






        (c)
       










       $
      



       14,503
      











       $
      



       16,039
      











       $
      



       62,484
      










        Gross profit
       












       10,078
      















       15,394
      















       11,748
      















       12,869
      















       50,089
      










        Net income
       












       3,574
      















       6,662
      















       4,006
      















       4,518
      















       18,760
      










        Basic earnings per share
       












       0.40
      















       0.75
      















       0.46
      















       0.52
      















       2.13
      










        Diluted earnings per share
       












       0.40
      















       0.74
      















       0.45
      















       0.51
      















       2.10
      















       (a)
      





         Includes a partial settlement of an I.R.S. audit of tax
years 2004 to 2006, which increased net income by $461
million.
        









       (b)
      





         Reflects an effective tax rate of 7% due mainly to the
adjustment of our previously estimated effective tax rate for the
year to reflect the actual full year mix of foreign and U.S.
taxable income. In addition, upon completion of our annual domestic
and foreign tax returns, we adjusted the estimated tax provision to
reflect the tax returns filed and recorded an income tax benefit
which lowered our effective tax rate.
        









       (c)
      





         Reflects $1.7 billion of revenue recognized for sales of
Windows Vista with a guarantee to be upgraded to Windows 7 at
minimal or no cost and of Windows 7 to original equipment
manufacturers and retailers before general availability (the
“Windows 7 Deferral”).
        









       (d)
      





         Reflects $1.5 billion of revenue deferred to future periods
relating to the Windows 7 Deferral.
        






  15880000000
  


     The components of
intangible assets acquired during fiscal years 2011 and 2010 were
as follows:
    













































        (In millions)
       









        Amount
       














         Weighted
        





         Average Life
        














        Amount
       














         Weighted
        





         Average Life
        


































        Year Ended June 30,
       









        2011
       

























        2010
       



































        Contract-based
       









        $
       





        0
       






























       $
      



       3
      















       2 years
      










        Technology-based
       















        119
       





















        3 years
       


















       322
      















       4 years
      










        Marketing-related
       















        1
       





















        7 years
       


















       0
      


























        Customer-related
       















        2
       





















        4 years
       


















       18
      















       5 years
      































































        Total
       









        $
       





        122
       





















        3 years
       














       $
      



       343
      















       4 years
      









































































  103000000
632000000
47000000
17000000
55000000
0.64
  


     The components of
unearned revenue were as follows:
    





























        (In millions)
       

















































        June 30,
       









        2011
       













        2010
       



















        Volume licensing programs
       









        $
       





        14,625
       














       $
      



       12,180
      










        Other
       















        2,495
       


















       2,650
      































        Total
       









        $
       





        17,120
       














       $
      



       14,830
      







































  1054000000
2355000000
  



      Foreign Currencies
     




     Assets and liabilities
recorded in foreign currencies are translated at the exchange rate
on the balance sheet date. Revenue and expenses are translated at
average rates of exchange prevailing during the year. Translation
adjustments resulting from this process are recorded to Other
Comprehensive Income (“OCI”).
    


  525000000
  



      NOTE 5 —
DERIVATIVES
     




     We use derivative
instruments to manage risks related to foreign currencies, equity
prices, interest rates, and credit; to enhance investment returns;
and to facilitate portfolio diversification. Our objectives for
holding derivatives include reducing, eliminating, and efficiently
managing the economic impact of these exposures as effectively as
possible. Our derivative programs include strategies that both
qualify and do not qualify for hedge accounting treatment. All
notional amounts presented below are measured in U.S. currency
equivalents.
    




      Foreign Currency
     




     Certain forecasted
transactions, assets, and liabilities are exposed to foreign
currency risk. We monitor our foreign currency exposures daily to
maximize the economic effectiveness of our foreign currency hedge
positions. Option and forward contracts are used to hedge a portion
of forecasted international revenue for up to three years in the
future and are designated as cash-flow hedging instruments.
Principal currencies hedged include the euro, Japanese yen, British
pound, and Canadian dollar. As of June 30, 2011 and 2010, the
total notional amounts of these foreign exchange contracts sold
were $10.6 billion and $9.3 billion, respectively. Foreign
currency risks related to certain non-U.S. dollar denominated
securities are hedged using foreign exchange forward contracts that
are designated as fair-value hedging instruments. As of
June 30, 2011 and 2010, the total notional amounts of these
foreign exchange contracts sold were $572 million and $523 million,
respectively. Certain options and forwards not designated as
hedging instruments are also used to manage the variability in
exchange rates on accounts receivable, cash, and intercompany
positions, and to manage other foreign currency exposures. As
of June 30, 2011, the total notional amounts of these foreign
exchange contracts purchased and sold were $3.9 billion and $7.3
billion, respectively. As of June 30, 2010, the total notional
amounts of these foreign exchange contracts purchased and sold were
$7.8 billion and $5.3 billion, respectively.
    




      Equity
     




     Securities held in our
equity and other investments portfolio are subject to market price
risk. Market price risk is managed relative to broad-based
global and domestic equity indices using certain convertible
preferred investments, options, futures, and swap contracts not
designated as hedging instruments. From time to time, to hedge our
price risk, we may use and designate equity derivatives as hedging
instruments, including puts, calls, swaps, and forwards. As of
June 30, 2011, the total notional amounts of designated and
non-designated equity contracts purchased and sold were $1.4
billion and $935 million, respectively. As of June 30, 2010,
the total notional amounts of designated and non-designated equity
contracts purchased and sold were $918 million and $472 million,
respectively.
    




      Interest Rate
     




     Securities held in our
fixed-income portfolio are subject to different interest rate risks
based on their maturities. We manage the average maturity of our
fixed-income portfolio to achieve economic returns that correlate
to certain broad-based fixed-income indices using exchange-traded
option and futures contracts and over-the-counter swap and option
contracts, none of which are designated as hedging instruments. As
of June 30, 2011, the total notional amounts of fixed-interest
rate contracts purchased and sold were $2.3 billion and $2.2
billion, respectively. As of June 30, 2010, the total notional
amounts of fixed-interest rate contracts purchased and sold were
$3.1 billion and $1.8 billion, respectively. In addition, we use
“To Be Announced” forward purchase commitments of
mortgage-backed assets to gain exposure to agency mortgage-backed
securities. These meet the definition of a derivative
instrument in cases where physical delivery of the assets is not
taken at the earliest available delivery date. As of June 30,
2011 and 2010, the total notional derivative amount of mortgage
contracts purchased were $868 million and $305 million,
respectively.
    




      Credit
     




     Our fixed-income
portfolio is diversified and consists primarily of investment-grade
securities. We use credit default swap contracts, not designated as
hedging instruments, to manage credit exposures relative to
broad-based indices and to facilitate portfolio diversification. We
use credit default swaps as they are a low cost method of managing
exposure to individual credit risks or groups of credit risks. As
of June 30, 2011, the total notional amounts of credit
contracts purchased and sold were $532 million and $277 million,
respectively. As of June 30, 2010, the total notional amounts
of credit contracts purchased and sold were $371 million and $199
million, respectively.
    




      Commodity
     




     We use broad-based
commodity exposures to enhance portfolio returns and to facilitate
portfolio diversification. We use swap, futures and option
contracts, not designated as hedging instruments, to generate and
manage exposures to broad-based commodity indices. We use
derivatives on commodities as they can be low-cost alternatives to
the purchase and storage of a variety of commodities, including,
but not limited to, precious metals, energy, and grain. As of
June 30, 2011, the total notional amounts of commodity
contracts purchased and sold were $1.9 billion and $502 million,
respectively. As of June 30, 2010, the total notional amounts
of commodity contracts purchased and sold were $1.1 billion and
$376 million, respectively.
    




      Credit Risk-Related Contingent
Features
     




     Certain of our
counterparty agreements for derivative instruments contain
provisions that require our issued and outstanding long-term
unsecured debt to maintain an investment grade credit rating and
require us to maintain a minimum liquidity of $1.0 billion. To the
extent we fail to meet these requirements, we will be required to
post collateral, similar to the standard convention related to
over-the-counter derivatives. As of June 30, 2011, our
long-term unsecured debt rating was AAA, and cash investments were
in excess of $1.0 billion. As a result, no collateral was required
to be posted.
    




      Fair Values of Derivative
Instruments
     




     Following are the gross
fair values of derivative instruments designated as hedging
instruments (“designated hedge derivatives”) and not
designated as hedging instruments (“non-designated hedge
derivatives”) that were held at June 30, 2011 and 2010.
The fair values exclude the impact of netting derivative assets and
liabilities when a legally enforceable master netting agreement
exists and fair value adjustments related to our own credit risk
and counterparty credit risk.
    





























































        (In millions)
       










         Foreign
        





         Exchange
        





         Contracts
        















         Equity
        





         Contracts
        















         Interest
        





         Rate
        





         Contracts
        















         Credit
        





         Contracts
        















         Commodity
        





         Contracts
        















         Total
        





         Derivatives
        






































        June 30, 2011
       































































































        Assets
       































































































        Non-designated hedge
derivatives:
       







































































































        Short-term investments
       









        $
       





        14
       















        $
       





        179
       















        $
       





        0
       















        $
       





        17
       















        $
       





        4
       















        $
       





        214
       













        Other current assets
       















        73
       





















        0
       





















        0
       





















        0
       





















        0
       





















        73
       






















































































        Total
       









        $
       





        87
       















        $
       





        179
       















        $
       





        0
       















        $
       





        17
       















        $
       





        4
       















        $
       





        287
       













        Designated hedge
derivatives:
       







































































































        Short-term investments
       









        $
       





        6
       















        $
       





        0
       















        $
       





        0
       















        $
       





        0
       















        $
       





        0
       















        $
       





        6
       













        Other current assets
       















        123
       





















        0
       





















        0
       





















        0
       





















        0
       





















        123
       






















































































        Total
       









        $
       





        129
       















        $
       





        0
       















        $
       





        0
       















        $
       





        0
       















        $
       





        0
       















        $
       





        129
       

































































































        Total assets
       









        $
       





        216
       















        $
       





        179
       















        $
       





        0
       















        $
       





        17
       















        $
       





        4
       















        $
       





        416
       

















































































































        Liabilities
       































































































        Non-designated hedge
derivatives:
       







































































































        Other current liabilities
       









        $
       





        (91
       





        )
       









        $
       





        (12
       





        )
       









        $
       





        (9
       





        )
       









        $
       





        (19
       





        )
       









        $
       





        (4
       





        )
       









        $
       





        (135
       





        )
       







        Designated hedge
derivatives:
       







































































































        Other current liabilities
       









        $
       





        (128
       





        )
       









        $
       





        0
       















        $
       





        0
       















        $
       





        0
       















        $
       





        0
       















        $
       





        (128
       





        )
       
















































































        Total liabilities
       









        $
       





        (219
       





        )
       









        $
       





        (12
       





        )
       









        $
       





        (9
       





        )
       









        $
       





        (19
       





        )
       









        $
       





        (4
       





        )
       









        $
       





        (263
       





        )
       





















































































































































        (In millions)
       










         Foreign
        





         Exchange
        





         Contracts
        















         Equity
        





         Contracts
        















         Interest
        





         Rate
        





         Contracts
        















         Credit
        





         Contracts
        















         Commodity
        





         Contracts
        















         Total
        





         Derivatives
        






































        June 30, 2010
       































































































        Assets
       































































































        Non-designated hedge
derivatives:
       







































































































        Short-term investments
       








       $
      



       15
      











       $
      



       134
      











       $
      



       12
      











       $
      



       7
      











       $
      



       8
      











       $
      



       176
      










        Other current assets
       












       34
      















       0
      















       0
      















       0
      















       0
      















       34
      



















































































        Total
       








       $
      



       49
      











       $
      



       134
      











       $
      



       12
      











       $
      



       7
      











       $
      



       8
      











       $
      



       210
      










        Designated hedge
derivatives:
       







































































































        Short-term investments
       








       $
      



       3
      











       $
      



       0
      











       $
      



       0
      











       $
      



       0
      











       $
      



       0
      











       $
      



       3
      










        Other current assets
       












       563
      















       0
      















       0
      















       0
      















       0
      















       563
      



















































































        Total
       








       $
      



       566
      











       $
      



       0
      











       $
      



       0
      











       $
      



       0
      











       $
      



       0
      











       $
      



       566
      






























































































        Total assets
       








       $
      



       615
      











       $
      



       134
      











       $
      



       12
      











       $
      



       7
      











       $
      



       8
      











       $
      



       776
      














































































































        Liabilities
       































































































        Non-designated hedge
derivatives:
       







































































































        Other current liabilities
       








       $
      



       (60
      



       )
      







       $
      



       (17
      



       )
      







       $
      



       (33
      



       )
      







       $
      



       (41
      



       )
      







       $
      



       (5
      



       )
      







       $
      



       (156
      



       )
      






        Designated hedge
derivatives:
       







































































































        Other current liabilities
       








       $
      



       (9
      



       )
      







       $
      



       0
      











       $
      



       0
      











       $
      



       0
      











       $
      



       0
      











       $
      



       (9
      



       )
      















































































        Total liabilities
       








       $
      



       (69
      



       )
      







       $
      



       (17
      



       )
      







       $
      



       (33
      



       )
      







       $
      



       (41
      



       )
      







       $
      



       (5
      



       )
      







       $
      



       (165
      



       )
      


























































































     See also Note 4 –
Investments and Note 6 – Fair Value
Measurements.
    




      Fair Value Hedge Gains
(Losses)
     




     We recognized in other
income (expense) the following gains (losses) related to fair value
hedges and their related hedged items:
    





































        (In millions)
       































































        Year Ended June 30,
       









        2011
       













        2010
       













        2009
       





















        Foreign Exchange Contracts
       





















































        Derivatives
       









        $
       





        (92
       





        )
       








       $
      



       (57
      



       )
      







       $
      



       121
      










        Hedged items
       















        85
       


















       60
      















       (120
      



       )
      








































        Total
       









        $
       





        (7
       





        )
       








       $
      



       3
      











       $
      



       1
      

































































        Equity Contracts
       





















































        Derivatives
       









        $
       





        0
       














       $
      



       0
      











       $
      



       191
      










        Hedged items
       















        0
       


















       0
      















       (211
      



       )
      








































        Total
       









        $
       





        0
       














       $
      



       0
      











       $
      



       (20
      



       )
      






















































      Cash Flow Hedge Gains
(Losses)
     




     We recognized the
following gains (losses) related to foreign exchange contracts
designated as cash flow hedges (our only cash flow hedges during
the periods reported):
    





































        (In millions)
       































































        Year Ended June 30,
       









        2011
       













        2010
       













        2009
       





















        Effective Portion
       





















































        Gain (loss) recognized in OCI, net of
tax effect of
        
         $(340),
        
        $188 and $472
       









        $
       





        (632
       





        )
       








       $
      



       349
      











       $
      



       876
      










        Gain (loss) reclassified from OCI
into revenue
       









        $
       





        (7
       





        )
       








       $
      



       495
      











       $
      



       884
      




















        Amount Excluded from Effectiveness Assessment and
Ineffective Portion
       





















































        Loss recognized in other income
(expense)
       









        $
       





        (276
       





        )
       








       $
      



       (174
      



       )
      







       $
      



       (314
      



       )
      







     We estimate that $186
million of net derivative losses included in OCI at June 30,
2011 will be reclassified into earnings within the following 12
months. No significant amounts of gains (losses) were reclassified
from OCI into earnings as a result of forecasted transactions that
failed to occur during fiscal year 2011.
    




      Non-Designated Derivative Gains
(Losses)
     




     Gains (losses) from
changes in fair values of derivatives that are not designated as
hedges are primarily recognized in other income (expense). These
amounts are shown in the table below, with the exception of gains
(losses) on derivatives presented in income statement line items
other than other income (expense), which were immaterial for all
periods presented. Other than those derivatives entered into for
investment purposes, such as commodity contracts, the gains
(losses) below are generally economically offset by unrealized
gains (losses) in the underlying available-for-sale
securities.
    





































        (In millions)
       































































        Year Ended June 30,
       









        2011
       













        2010
       













        2009
       





















        Foreign exchange contracts
       









        $
       





        (27
       





        )
       








       $
      



       106
      











       $
      



       (234
      



       )
      






        Equity contracts
       















        35
       


















       12
      















       (131
      



       )
      






        Interest-rate contracts
       















        19
       


















       (4
      



       )
      











       5
      










        Credit contracts
       















        24
       


















       22
      















       (18
      



       )
      






        Commodity contracts
       















        148
       


















       (1
      



       )
      











       (126
      



       )
      








































        Total
       









        $
       





        199
       














       $
      



       135
      











       $
      



       (504
      



       )
      
















































  2.73
  


     Following are details of
net recognized gains (losses) on investments during the periods
reported:
    





































        (In millions)
       































































        Year Ended June 30,
       









        2011
       













        2010
       













        2009
       





















        Other-than-temporary impairments of
investments
       









        $
       





        (80
       





        )
       








       $
      



       (69
      



       )
      







       $
      



       (862
      



       )
      






        Realized gains from sales of
available-for-sale securities
       















        734
       


















       605
      















       1,634
      










        Realized losses from sales of
available-for-sale securities
       















        (215
       





        )
       












       (188
      



       )
      











       (897
      



       )
      








































        Total
       









        $
       





        439
       














       $
      



       348
      











       $
      



       (125
      



       )
      
















































  -159000000
-7000000
-0.017
69943000000
  


     Maturities of long-term
debt for each of the next five years and thereafter are as
follows:
    





















        (In millions)
       



































        Year Ending June 30,
       

























        2012
       








       $
      



       0
      










        2013
       












       1,250
      










        2014
       












       3,000
      










        2015
       












       0
      










        2016
       












       2,500
      










        Thereafter
       












       5,250
      


















        Total
       








       $
      



       12,000
      






























      Goodwill
     




     Goodwill is tested for
impairment at the reporting unit level (operating segment or one
level below an operating segment) on an annual basis (May 1 for us)
and between annual tests if an event occurs or circumstances change
that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a
reporting unit below its carrying value.
    


  27161000000
  



      Estimates and
Assumptions
     




     Preparing financial
statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue,
and expenses. Examples include: estimates of loss contingencies,
product warranties, product life cycles, product returns, and
stock-based compensation forfeiture rates; assumptions such as the
elements comprising a software arrangement, including the
distinction between upgrades/enhancements and new products; when
technological feasibility is achieved for our products; the
potential outcome of future tax consequences of events that have
been recognized in our financial statements or tax returns;
estimating the fair value and/or goodwill impairment for our
reporting units; and determining when investment impairments are
other-than-temporary. Actual results and outcomes may differ from
management’s estimates and assumptions.
    






      Product Warranty
     




     We provide for the
estimated costs of fulfilling our obligations under hardware and
software warranties at the time the related revenue is recognized.
For hardware warranties, we estimate the costs based on historical
and projected product failure rates, historical and projected
repair costs, and knowledge of specific product failures (if any).
The specific hardware warranty terms and conditions vary depending
upon the product sold and the country in which we do business, but
generally include parts and labor over a period generally ranging
from 90 days to three years. For software warranties, we
estimate the costs to provide bug fixes, such as security patches,
over the estimated life of the software. We regularly reevaluate
our estimates to assess the adequacy of the recorded warranty
liabilities and adjust the amounts as necessary.
    


  114000000
155000000
-26000000
1
58000000
  



      Inventories
     




     Inventories are stated at
the lower of cost or market, using the average cost method. Cost
includes materials, labor, and manufacturing overhead related to
the purchase and production of inventories. We regularly review
inventory quantities on hand, future purchase commitments with our
suppliers, and the estimated utility of our inventory. If our
review indicates a reduction in utility below carrying value, we
reduce our inventory to a new cost basis through a charge to cost
of revenue.
    





     We excluded the following
shares underlying stock-based awards from the calculations of
diluted EPS because their inclusion would have been
anti-dilutive:
    





































        (In millions)
       































































        Year Ended June 30,
       









        2011
       













        2010
       













        2009
       





















        Shares excluded from calculations of
diluted EPS
       















        21
       


















       28
      















       342
      










  0
-1146000000
  



      NOTE 7 —
INVENTORIES
     




     The components of
inventories were as follows:
    





























        (In millions)
       





























        June 30,
       









        2011
       













        2010
       



















        Raw materials
       









        $
       





        232
       














       $
      



       172
      










        Work in process
       















        56
       


















       16
      










        Finished goods
       















        1,084
       


















       552
      































        Total
       









        $
       





        1,372
       














       $
      



       740
      







































  758000000
38000000
68000000
1900000000
2422000000
AAA
  



      NOTE 8 —
PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT
     




     The components of
property and equipment were as follows:
    





























        (In millions)
       





























        June 30,
       









        2011
       













        2010
       



















        Land
       









        $
       





        533
       














       $
      



       526
      










        Buildings and improvements
       















        6,521
       


















       6,087
      










        Leasehold improvements
       















        2,345
       


















       2,100
      










        Computer equipment and
software
       















        6,601
       


















       5,673
      










        Furniture and equipment
       















        1,991
       


















       1,873
      































        Total, at cost
       















        17,991
       


















       16,259
      










        Accumulated depreciation
       















        (9,829
       





        )
       












       (8,629
      



       )
      



























        Total, net
       









        $
       





        8,162
       














       $
      



       7,630
      










































     During fiscal years 2011,
2010, and 2009, depreciation expense was $2.0 billion, $1.8
billion, and $1.7 billion, respectively.
    


  726000000
  



      NOTE 10 —
GOODWILL
     




     Changes in the carrying
amount of goodwill for fiscal years 2011 and 2010 by segment were
as follows:
    














































































         Balance as
        





         of June 30,
        





         2009
        














        Acquisitions
       














         Purchase
        





         Accounting
        





         Adjustments
        





         and
Other
        















         Balance as
        





         of June 30,
        





         2010
        














        Acquisitions
       














         Purchase
        





         Accounting
        





         Adjustments
        





         and
Other
        















         Balance as
        





         of June 30,
        





         2011
        








































        (In millions)
       













































































































        Windows & Windows Live
Division
       








       $
      



       77
      











       $
      



       0
      











       $
      



       0
      











       $
      



       77
      












        $
       





        0
       















        $
       





        12
       















        $
       





        89
       













        Server and Tools
       












       1,038
      















       82
      















       (2
      



       )
      











       1,118
      


















        13
       





















        8
       





















        1,139
       













        Online Services Division
       












       6,657
      















       0
      















       (284
      



       )
      











       6,373
      


















        0
       





















        0
       





















        6,373
       













        Microsoft Business
Division
       












       3,927
      















       116
      















       (19
      



       )
      











       4,024
      


















        4
       





















        139
       





















        4,167
       













        Entertainment and Devices
Division
       












       804
      















       0
      















       (2
      



       )
      











       802
      


















        30
       





















        (19
       





        )
       















        813
       



































































































        Total
       








       $
      



       12,503
      











       $
      



       198
      











       $
      



       (307
      



       )
      







       $
      



       12,394
      












        $
       





        47
       















        $
       





        140
       















        $
       





        12,581
       














































































































     None of the amounts
recorded as goodwill are expected to be deductible for tax
purposes. The measurement period for purchase price allocations
ends as soon as information on the facts and circumstances becomes
available, but will not exceed 12 months. Adjustments in the
purchase price allocation may require a recasting of the amounts
allocated to goodwill retroactive to the period in which the
acquisition occurred. Any change in the goodwill amounts resulting
from foreign currency translations are presented as
“other” in the above table. Also included within
“other” for fiscal year 2010 is $285 million of
goodwill associated with business dispositions. See also Note 9
– Business Combinations.
    



     We test goodwill for
impairment annually on May 1 at the reporting unit level using
a fair value approach. No impairment of goodwill was identified as
of May 1, 2011.
    


  4921000000
  


     The components of
inventories were as follows:
    





























        (In millions)
       





























        June 30,
       









        2011
       













        2010
       



















        Raw materials
       









        $
       





        232
       














       $
      



       172
      










        Work in process
       















        56
       


















       16
      










        Finished goods
       















        1,084
       


















       552
      































        Total
       









        $
       





        1,372
       














       $
      



       740
      







































  4105000000
8862000000
8490000000
103000000
  



      Research and
Development
     




     Research and development
expenses include payroll, employee benefits, stock-based
compensation expense, and other headcount-related expenses
associated with product development. Research and development
expenses also include third-party development and programming
costs, localization costs incurred to translate software for
international markets, and the amortization of purchased software
code and services content. Such costs related to software
development are included in research and development expense until
the point that technological feasibility is reached, which for our
software products, is generally shortly before the products are
released to manufacturing. Once technological feasibility is
reached, such costs are capitalized and amortized to cost of
revenue over the estimated lives of the products.
    






      NOTE 6 — FAIR
VALUE MEASUREMENTS
     





      Assets and Liabilities Measured at
Fair Value on a Recurring Basis
     




     The following tables
present the fair value of our financial instruments that are
measured at fair value on a recurring basis:
    





























































        (In millions)
       









        Level 1
       













        Level 2
       













        Level 3
       














         Gross
        





         Fair
        





         Value
        














        Netting
        
         (a)
        














        Net Fair
        
        Value
       





































        June 30, 2011
       































































































        Assets
       































































































        Mutual funds
       









        $
       





        1,752
       















        $
       





        0
       















        $
       





        0
       















        $
       





        1,752
       















        $
       





        0
       















        $
       





        1,752
       













        Commercial paper
       















        0
       





















        639
       





















        0
       





















        639
       





















        0
       





















        639
       













        Certificates of deposit
       















        0
       





















        598
       





















        0
       





















        598
       





















        0
       





















        598
       













        U.S. government and agency
securities
       















        23,591
       





















        10,175
       





















        0
       





















        33,766
       





















        0
       





















        33,766
       













        Foreign government bonds
       















        303
       





















        367
       





















        0
       





















        670
       





















        0
       





















        670
       













        Mortgage-backed securities
       















        0
       





















        2,428
       





















        0
       





















        2,428
       





















        0
       





















        2,428
       













        Corporate notes and bonds
       















        0
       





















        10,600
       





















        58
       





















        10,658
       





















        0
       





















        10,658
       













        Municipal securities
       















        0
       





















        454
       





















        0
       





















        454
       





















        0
       





















        454
       













        Common and preferred stock
       















        9,821
       





















        55
       





















        5
       





















        9,881
       





















        0
       





















        9,881
       













        Derivatives
       















        8
       





















        388
       





















        20
       





















        416
       





















        (204
       





        )
       















        212
       






















































































        Total
       









        $
       





        35,475
       















        $
       





        25,704
       















        $
       





        83
       















        $
       





        61,262
       















        $
       





        (204
       





        )
       









        $
       





        61,058
       

















































































































        Liabilities
       































































































        Derivatives and other
       









        $
       





        109
       















        $
       





        257
       















        $
       





        0
       















        $
       





        366
       















        $
       





        (203
       





        )
       









        $
       





        163
       





































        (In millions)
       









        Level 1
       













        Level 2
       













        Level 3
       














         Gross
        





         Fair
        





         Value
        














        Netting
        
         (a)
        














        Net Fair
        
        Value
       



































        June 30, 2010
       































































































        Assets
       































































































        Mutual funds
       








       $
      



       1,120
      











       $
      



       0
      











       $
      



       0
      











       $
      



       1,120
      











       $
      



       0
      











       $
      



       1,120
      










        Commercial paper
       












       0
      















       172
      















       0
      















       172
      















       0
      















       172
      










        Certificates of deposit
       












       0
      















       348
      















       0
      















       348
      















       0
      















       348
      










        U.S. government and agency
securities
       












       16,473
      















       4,756
      















       0
      















       21,229
      















       0
      















       21,229
      










        Foreign government bonds
       












       239
      















       294
      















       0
      















       533
      















       0
      















       533
      










        Mortgage-backed securities
       












       0
      















       3,264
      















       0
      















       3,264
      















       0
      















       3,264
      










        Corporate notes and bonds
       












       0
      















       7,460
      















       167
      















       7,627
      















       0
      















       7,627
      










        Municipal securities
       












       0
      















       747
      















       0
      















       747
      















       0
      















       747
      










        Common and preferred stock
       












       6,988
      















       43
      















       5
      















       7,036
      















       0
      















       7,036
      










        Derivatives
       












       22
      















       745
      















       9
      















       776
      















       (207
      



       )
      











       569
      



















































































        Total
       








       $
      



       24,842
      











       $
      



       17,829
      











       $
      



       181
      











       $
      



       42,852
      











       $
      



       (207
      



       )
      







       $
      



       42,645
      














































































































        Liabilities
       































































































        Derivatives and other
       








       $
      



       85
      











       $
      



       137
      











       $
      



       0
      











       $
      



       222
      











       $
      



       (205
      



       )
      







       $
      



       17
      















       (a)
      





         These amounts represent the impact of netting derivative
assets and derivative liabilities when a legally enforceable master
netting agreement exists and fair value adjustments related to our
own credit risk and counterparty credit risk.
        









     The table below
reconciles the total Net Fair Value of assets above to the balance
sheet presentation of these same assets in Note 4 –
Investments for June 30, 2011 and 2010.
    





























        (In millions)
       

















































        June 30,
       









        2011
       













        2010
       



















        Net fair value of assets measured at
fair value on a recurring basis
       









        $
       





        61,058
       














       $
      



       42,645
      










        Cash
       















        1,648
       


















       1,661
      










        Common and preferred stock measured
at fair value on a nonrecurring basis
       















        334
       


















       216
      










        Other investments measured at fair
value on a nonrecurring basis
       















        650
       


















       502
      










        Less derivative assets classified as
other current assets
       















        (54
       





        )
       












       (544
      



       )
      






        Other
       















        1
       


















       62
      































        Recorded basis of investment
components
       









        $
       





        63,637
       














       $
      



       44,542
      











































      Changes in Financial Instruments
Measured at Level 3 Fair Value on a Recurring Basis
     




     The following tables
present the changes during the fiscal years 2011 and 2010 in our
Level 3 financial instruments that are measured at fair value on a
recurring basis. The majority of these instruments consist of
investment securities classified as available-for-sale with changes
in fair value included in OCI.
    













































        (In millions)
       










         Corporate
        





         Notes and
        





         Bonds
        















         Common
        





         and
        





         Preferred
        





         Stock
        















         Derivative
        





         Assets
        














        Total
       

































        Year Ended June 30, 2011
       



































































        Balance, beginning of
period
       









        $
       





        167
       















        $
       





        5
       















        $
       





        9
       















        $
       





        181
       













        Total realized and unrealized gains
(losses):
       







































































        Included in other income
(expense)
       















        39
       





















        0
       





















        11
       





















        50
       













        Included in other comprehensive
income
       















        (63
       





        )
       















        0
       





















        0
       





















        (63
       





        )
       







        Purchases, issuances and
settlements
       















        (85
       





        )
       















        0
       





















        0
       





















        (85
       





        )
       






















































        Balance, end of period
       









        $
       





        58
       















        $
       





        5
       















        $
       





        20
       















        $
       





        83
       







































































        Change in unrealized gains (losses)
included in other income (expense) related to assets held as of
June 30, 2011
       









        $
       





        6
       















        $
       





        0
       















        $
       





        11
       















        $
       





        17
       

































        (In millions)
       









        Corporate
        
        Notes and
        
        Bonds
       













        Common
        
        and
        
        Preferred
        
        Stock
       













        Derivative
        
        Assets
       













        Total
       































        Year Ended June 30, 2010
       



































































        Balance, beginning of
period
       








       $
      



       253
      











       $
      



       5
      











       $
      



       5
      











       $
      



       263
      










        Total realized and unrealized gains
(losses):
       







































































        Included in other income
(expense)
       












       6
      















       0
      















       4
      















       10
      










        Included in other comprehensive
income
       












       (92
      



       )
      











       0
      















       0
      















       (92
      



       )
      





















































        Balance, end of period
       








       $
      



       167
      











       $
      



       5
      











       $
      



       9
      











       $
      



       181
      




































































        Change in unrealized gains (losses)
included in other income (expense) related to assets held as of
June 30, 2010
       








       $
      



       6
      











       $
      



       0
      











       $
      



       4
      











       $
      



       10
      












      Assets and Liabilities Measured at
Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis
     




     During fiscal years 2011
and 2010, impairment charges of $2 million and $5 million,
respectively, were recognized for certain investments measured at
fair value on a nonrecurring basis, as the decline in their
respective fair values below their cost was determined to be other
than temporary in all instances. At June 30, 2011 and 2010, we
held no common and preferred stocks that were required to be
measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis.
    


  28935000000
  



      Property and
Equipment
     




     Property and equipment is
stated at cost and depreciated using the straight-line method over
the shorter of the estimated useful life of the asset or the lease
term. The estimated useful lives of our property and equipment are
generally as follows: computer software developed or acquired for
internal use, three years; computer equipment, two to three years;
buildings and improvements, five to 15 years; leasehold
improvements, two to 10 years; and furniture and equipment, one to
five years. Land is not depreciated.
    




    The components of basic and
diluted EPS are as follows:
   




































        (In millions, except earnings per share)
       































































        Year Ended June 30,
       









        2011
       













        2010
       













        2009
       





















        Net income available for common
shareholders (A)
       









        $
       





        23,150
       














       $
      



       18,760
      











       $
      



       14,569
      




















        Weighted average outstanding shares
of common stock (B)
       















        8,490
       


















       8,813
      















       8,945
      










        Dilutive effect of stock-based
awards
       















        103
       


















       114
      















       51
      












































        Common stock and common stock
equivalents (C)
       















        8,593
       


















       8,927
      















       8,996
      

































































        Earnings Per Share
       





















































        Basic (A/B)
       









        $
       





        2.73
       














       $
      



       2.13
      











       $
      



       1.63
      










        Diluted (A/C)
       









        $
       





        2.69
       














       $
      



       2.10
      











       $
      



       1.62
      














      NOTE 13 — INCOME
TAXES
     




     The components of the
provision for income taxes were as follows:
    





































        (In millions)
       































        Year Ended June 30,
       









        2011
       













        2010
       













        2009
       





















        Current Taxes
       





















































        U.S. federal
       









        $
       





        3,108
       














       $
      



       4,415
      











       $
      



       3,159
      










        U.S. state and local
       















        209
       


















       357
      















       192
      










        International
       















        1,602
       


















       1,701
      















       1,139
      












































        Current taxes
       















        4,919
       


















       6,473
      















       4,490
      




















        Deferred Taxes
       





















































        Deferred taxes
       















        2
       


















       (220
      



       )
      











       762
      












































        Provision for income taxes
       









        $
       





        4,921
       














       $
      



       6,253
      











       $
      



       5,252
      























































     U.S. and international
components of income before income taxes were as
follows:
    





































        (In millions)
       































        Year Ended June 30,
       









        2011
       













        2010
       













        2009
       





















        U.S.
       









        $
       





        8,862
       














       $
      



       9,575
      











       $
      



       5,529
      










        International
       















        19,209
       


















       15,438
      















       14,292
      












































        Income before income taxes
       









        $
       





        28,071
       














       $
      



       25,013
      











       $
      



       19,821
      

























































     The items accounting for
the difference between income taxes computed at the U.S. federal
statutory rate and our effective rate were as follows:
    
















































        Year Ended June 30,
       









        2011
       













        2010
       













        2009
       























        Federal statutory rate
       















        35.0%
       


















       35.0%
      















       35.0%
      










        Effect of:
       























































        Foreign earnings taxed at lower
rates
       















        (15.6)%
       


















       (12.1)%
      















       (9.3)%
      










        Internal Revenue Service
settlement
       















        (1.7)%
       


















       0%
      















       0%
      










        Other reconciling items,
net
       















        (0.2)%
       


















       2.1%
      















       0.8%
      












































        Effective rate
       















        17.5%
       


















       25.0%
      















       26.5%
      























































     The reduction from the
federal statutory rate from foreign earnings taxed at lower rates
results from producing and distributing our products and services
through our foreign regional operations centers in Ireland,
Singapore, and Puerto Rico, which are subject to lower income tax
rates. In general, other reconciling items consist of interest,
U.S. state income taxes, domestic production deductions, and
credits. In fiscal years 2011, 2010, and 2009, there were no
individually significant other reconciling items. The I.R.S.
settlement is discussed below.
    



     The components of the
deferred income tax assets and liabilities were as
follows:
    





























        (In millions)
       

















































        June 30,
       









        2011
       













        2010
       



















        Deferred Income Tax Assets
       







































        Stock-based compensation
expense
       









        $
       





        1,079
       














       $
      



       1,329
      










        Other expense items
       















        1,411
       


















       1,696
      










        Unearned revenue
       















        463
       


















       556
      










        Impaired investments
       















        424
       


















       289
      










        Other revenue items
       















        69
       


















       80
      































        Deferred income tax assets
       









        $
       





        3,446
       














       $
      



       3,950
      







































        Deferred Income Tax Liabilities
       







































        International earnings
       









        $
       





        (1,266
       





        )
       








       $
      



       (1,056
      



       )
      






        Unrealized gain on
investments
       















        (904
       





        )
       












       (674
      



       )
      






        Other
       















        (265
       





        )
       












       (265
      



       )
      



























        Deferred income tax
liabilities
       















        (2,435
       





        )
       












       (1,995
      



       )
      



























        Net deferred income tax
assets
       









        $
       





        1,011
       














       $
      



       1,955
      


















































        Reported As
       







































        Current deferred income tax
assets
       









        $
       





        2,467
       














       $
      



       2,184
      










        Long-term deferred income tax
liabilities
       















        (1,456
       





        )
       












       (229
      



       )
      



























        Net deferred income tax
assets
       









        $
       





        1,011
       














       $
      



       1,955
      










































     Deferred income tax
balances reflect the effects of temporary differences between the
carrying amounts of assets and liabilities and their tax bases and
are stated at enacted tax rates expected to be in effect when the
taxes are actually paid or recovered.
    



     We have not provided
deferred U.S. income taxes or foreign withholding taxes on
temporary differences of approximately $44.8 billion resulting from
earnings for certain non-U.S. subsidiaries which are permanently
reinvested outside the U.S. The unrecognized deferred tax liability
associated with these temporary differences is approximately $14.2
billion.
    



     Income taxes paid were
$5.3 billion, $4.1 billion, and $6.6 billion in fiscal years 2011,
2010, and 2009, respectively.
    






      Uncertain Tax
Positions
     




     As of June 30, 2011,
we had $6.9 billion of unrecognized tax benefits of which $5.9
billion, if recognized, would affect our effective tax rate. As of
June 30, 2010, we had $6.5 billion of unrecognized tax
benefits of which $5.6 billion, if recognized, would have affected
our effective tax rate.
    



     Interest on unrecognized
tax benefits was $38 million, $193 million, and $230 million in
fiscal years 2011, 2010, and 2009, respectively. As of
June 30, 2011, 2010, and 2009, we had accrued interest related
to uncertain tax positions of $785 million, $747 million, and $554
million, respectively, net of federal income tax
benefits.
    



     The aggregate changes in
the balance of unrecognized tax benefits were as
follows:
    





































        (In millions)
       































        Year Ended June 30,
       









        2011
       













        2010
       













        2009
       





















        Balance, beginning of year
       









        $
       





        6,542
       














       $
      



       5,403
      











       $
      



       3,195
      










        Decreases related to
settlements
       















        (632
       





        )
       












       (57
      



       )
      











       (82
      



       )
      






        Increases for tax positions related
to the current year
       















        739
       


















       1,012
      















       2,203
      










        Increases for tax positions related
to prior years
       















        405
       


















       364
      















       239
      










        Decreases for tax positions related
to prior years
       















        (119
       





        )
       












       (166
      



       )
      











       (132
      



       )
      






        Decreases due to lapsed statute of
limitations
       















        0
       


















       (14
      



       )
      











       (20
      



       )
      








































        Balance, end of year
       









        $
       





        6,935
       














       $
      



       6,542
      











       $
      



       5,403
      























































     During the third quarter
of fiscal year 2011, we reached a partial settlement agreement with
the I.R.S. on tax years 2004 to 2006 and recorded a $461 million
income tax provision benefit. During the fourth quarter of fiscal
year 2011, the I.R.S. completed its examination and issued a
Revenue Agent’s Report (“RAR”) for the remaining
unresolved items. We do not agree with the adjustments in the RAR,
and we have filed a protest to initiate the administrative appeals
process. The proposed adjustments are primarily related to transfer
pricing and could have a significant impact on our financial
statements if not resolved favorably. We do not believe it is
reasonably possible that the total amount of unrecognized tax
benefits will significantly increase or decrease within the next 12
months, as we do not believe the appeals process will be concluded
within the next 12 months. We also continue to be subject to
examination by the I.R.S. for tax years 2007 to 2010.
    



     We are subject to income
tax in many jurisdictions outside the U.S., and certain
jurisdictions remain subject to examination and are currently under
audit by local tax authorities. The resolutions of these audits are
not expected to be material to our financial statements.
    






      Income Taxes
     




     Income tax expense
includes U.S. and international income taxes, the provision for
U.S. taxes on undistributed earnings of international subsidiaries
not deemed to be permanently invested, and interest and penalties
on uncertain tax positions. Certain income and expenses are not
reported in tax returns and financial statements in the same year.
The tax effect of such temporary differences is reported as
deferred income taxes. The deferred income taxes are classified as
current or long-term based on the classification of the related
asset or liability.
    






      NOTE 4 —
INVESTMENTS
     





      Investment
Components
     




     The components of
investments, including associated derivatives, were as
follows:
    





































































        (In millions)
       









        Cost Basis
       














         Unrealized
        





         Gains
        















         Unrealized
        





         Losses
        















         Recorded
        





         Basis
        















         Cash
        





         and
Cash
        





         Equivalents
        















         Short-term
        





         Investments
        















         Equity
        





         and
Other
        





         Investments
        








































        June 30, 2011
       













































































































        Cash
       









        $
       





        1,648
       















        $
       





        0
       















        $
       





        0
       















        $
       





        1,648
       















        $
       





        1,648
       















        $
       





        0
       















        $
       





        0
       













        Mutual funds
       















        1,752
       





















        0
       





















        0
       





















        1,752
       





















        1,752
       





















        0
       





















        0
       













        Commercial paper
       















        639
       





















        0
       





















        0
       





















        639
       





















        414
       





















        225
       





















        0
       













        Certificates of deposit
       















        598
       





















        0
       





















        0
       





















        598
       





















        372
       





















        226
       





















        0
       













        U.S. government and agency
securities
       















        33,607
       





















        162
       





















        (7
       





        )
       















        33,762
       





















        2,049
       





















        31,713
       





















        0
       













        Foreign government bonds
       















        658
       





















        11
       





















        (2
       





        )
       















        667
       





















        0
       





















        667
       





















        0
       













        Mortgage-backed securities
       















        2,307
       





















        121
       





















        (4
       





        )
       















        2,424
       





















        0
       





















        2,424
       





















        0
       













        Corporate notes and bonds
       















        10,575
       





















        260
       





















        (11
       





        )
       















        10,824
       





















        3,375
       





















        7,449
       





















        0
       













        Municipal securities
       















        441
       





















        15
       





















        (2
       





        )
       















        454
       





















        0
       





















        454
       





















        0
       













        Common and preferred stock
       















        7,925
       





















        2,483
       





















        (193
       





        )
       















        10,215
       





















        0
       





















        0
       





















        10,215
       













        Other investments
       















        654
       





















        0
       





















        0
       





















        654
       





















        0
       





















        4
       





















        650
       



































































































        Total
       









        $
       





        60,804
       















        $
       





        3,052
       















        $
       





        (219
       





        )
       









        $
       





        63,637
       















        $
       





        9,610
       















        $
       





        43,162
       















        $
       





        10,865
       
































































































































        (In millions)
       









        Cost Basis
       














         Unrealized
        





         Gains
        















         Unrealized
        





         Losses
        















         Recorded
        





         Basis
        















         Cash
        





         and Cash
        





         Equivalents
        















         Short-term
        





         Investments
        















         Equity
        





         and Other
        





         Investments
        






































        June 30, 2010
       













































































































        Cash
       








       $
      



       1,661
      











       $
      



       0
      











       $
      



       0
      











       $
      



       1,661
      











       $
      



       1,661
      











       $
      



       0
      











       $
      



       0
      










        Mutual funds
       












       1,120
      















       0
      















       0
      















       1,120
      















       1,120
      















       0
      















       0
      










        Commercial paper
       












       188
      















       0
      















       0
      















       188
      















       13
      















       175
      















       0
      










        Certificates of deposit
       












       348
      















       0
      















       0
      















       348
      















       68
      















       280
      















       0
      










        U.S. government and
agency securities
       












       21,036
      















       167
      















       (1
      



       )
      











       21,202
      















       1,822
      















       19,380
      















       0
      










        Foreign government bonds
       












       518
      















       13
      















       0
      















       531
      















       0
      















       531
      















       0
      










        Mortgage-backed securities
       












       3,137
      















       135
      















       (7
      



       )
      











       3,265
      















       0
      















       3,265
      















       0
      










        Corporate notes and bonds
       












       7,450
      















       289
      















       (18
      



       )
      











       7,721
      















       701
      















       7,020
      















       0
      










        Municipal securities
       












       726
      















       22
      















       (1
      



       )
      











       747
      















       120
      















       627
      















       0
      










        Common and preferred stock
       












       6,640
      















       1,030
      















       (418
      



       )
      











       7,252
      















       0
      















       0
      















       7,252
      










        Other investments
       












       507
      















       0
      















       0
      















       507
      















       0
      















       5
      















       502
      
































































































        Total
       








       $
      



       43,331
      











       $
      



       1,656
      











       $
      



       (445
      



       )
      







       $
      



       44,542
      











       $
      



       5,505
      











       $
      



       31,283
      











       $
      



       7,754
      














































































































      Unrealized Losses on
Investments
     




     Investments with
continuous unrealized losses for less than 12 months and 12 months
or greater and their related fair values were as
follows:
    





































































        Less than 12
Months
       













        12 Months or
Greater
       














         Total
         
         Fair Value
        















         Total
         
         Unrealized
         
         Losses
        






















































        (In millions)
       









        Fair Value
       













        Unrealized
        
        Losses
       













        Fair Value
       













        Unrealized
        
        Losses
       











































        June 30, 2011
       































































































        U.S. government and agency
securities
       









        $
       





        484
       















        $
       





        (7
       





        )
       









        $
       





        0
       















        $
       





        0
       















        $
       





        484
       















        $
       





        (7
       





        )
       







        Foreign government bonds
       















        365
       





















        (2
       





        )
       















        0
       





















        0
       





















        365
       





















        (2
       





        )
       







        Mortgage-backed securities
       















        63
       





















        (3
       





        )
       















        14
       





















        (1
       





        )
       















        77
       





















        (4
       





        )
       







        Corporate notes and bonds
       















        750
       





















        (10
       





        )
       















        25
       





















        (1
       





        )
       















        775
       





















        (11
       





        )
       







        Municipal securities
       















        79
       





















        (2
       





        )
       















        0
       





















        0
       





















        79
       





















        (2
       





        )
       







        Common and preferred stock
       















        1,377
       





















        (146
       





        )
       















        206
       





















        (47
       





        )
       















        1,583
       





















        (193
       





        )
       
















































































        Total
       









        $
       





        3,118
       















        $
       





        (170
       





        )
       









        $
       





        245
       















        $
       





        (49
       





        )
       









        $
       





        3,363
       















        $
       





        (219
       





        )
       















































































































        Less than 12
Months
       













        12 Months or
Greater
       














         Total
         
         Fair Value
        














        Total
        
        Unrealized
        
        Losses
       



















































        (In millions)
       









        Fair Value
       













        Unrealized
        
        Losses
       













        Fair Value
       













        Unrealized
        
        Losses
       











































        June 30, 2010
       































































































        U.S. government and agency
securities
       








       $
      



       216
      











       $
      



       (1
      



       )
      







       $
      



       0
      











       $
      



       0
      











       $
      



       216
      











       $
      



       (1
      



       )
      






        Mortgage-backed securities
       












       105
      















       (6
      



       )
      











       18
      















       (1
      



       )
      











       123
      















       (7
      



       )
      






        Corporate notes and bonds
       












       1,124
      















       (13
      



       )
      











       89
      















       (5
      



       )
      











       1,213
      















       (18
      



       )
      






        Municipal securities
       












       66
      















       (1
      



       )
      











       0
      















       0
      















       66
      















       (1
      



       )
      






        Common and preferred stock
       












       2,102
      















       (339
      



       )
      











       190
      















       (79
      



       )
      











       2,292
      















       (418
      



       )
      















































































        Total
       








       $
      



       3,613
      











       $
      



       (360
      



       )
      







       $
      



       297
      











       $
      



       (85
      



       )
      







       $
      



       3,910
      











       $
      



       (445
      



       )
      


























































































     Unrealized losses from
fixed-income securities are primarily attributable to changes in
interest rates. Unrealized losses from domestic and international
equities are due to market price movements. Management does not
believe any remaining unrealized losses represent
other-than-temporary impairments based on our evaluation of
available evidence as of June 30, 2011.
    



     At June 30, 2011 and
2010, the recorded bases and estimated fair values of common and
preferred stock and other investments that are restricted for more
than one year or are not publicly traded were $334 million and $216
million, respectively.
    




      Debt Investment
Maturities
     






























        (In millions)
       









        Cost Basis
       














         Estimated
        





         Fair Value
        






























        June 30, 2011
       







































        Due in one year or less
       








       $
      



       23,982
      











       $
      



       24,053
      










        Due after one year through five
years
       












       19,516
      















       19,733
      










        Due after five years through 10
years
       












       2,516
      















       2,637
      










        Due after 10 years
       












       2,811
      















       2,945
      































        Total
       








       $
      



       48,825
      











       $
      



       49,368
      







































  7000000
197000000
-340000000
4919000000
5000000
  


     Long-lived assets,
excluding financial instruments and deferred taxes, classified by
the location of the controlling statutory company, were as
follows:
    





































        (In millions)
       































































        June 30,
       









        2011
       













        2010
       













        2009
       





















        United States
       









        $
       





        18,498
       














       $
      



       18,716
      











       $
      



       19,362
      










        Other countries
       















        2,989
       


















       2,466
      















       2,435
      












































        Total
       









        $
       





        21,487
       














       $
      



       21,182
      











       $
      



       21,797
      























































     Investments with
continuous unrealized losses for less than 12 months and 12 months
or greater and their related fair values were as
follows:
    





































































        Less than 12
Months
       













        12 Months or
Greater
       














         Total
         
         Fair Value
        















         Total
         
         Unrealized
         
         Losses
        






















































        (In millions)
       









        Fair Value
       













        Unrealized
        
        Losses
       













        Fair Value
       













        Unrealized
        
        Losses
       











































        June 30, 2011
       































































































        U.S. government and agency
securities
       









        $
       





        484
       















        $
       





        (7
       





        )
       









        $
       





        0
       















        $
       





        0
       















        $
       





        484
       















        $
       





        (7
       





        )
       







        Foreign government bonds
       















        365
       





















        (2
       





        )
       















        0
       





















        0
       





















        365
       





















        (2
       





        )
       







        Mortgage-backed securities
       















        63
       





















        (3
       





        )
       















        14
       





















        (1
       





        )
       















        77
       





















        (4
       





        )
       







        Corporate notes and bonds
       















        750
       





















        (10
       





        )
       















        25
       





















        (1
       





        )
       















        775
       





















        (11
       





        )
       







        Municipal securities
       















        79
       





















        (2
       





        )
       















        0
       





















        0
       





















        79
       





















        (2
       





        )
       







        Common and preferred stock
       















        1,377
       





















        (146
       





        )
       















        206
       





















        (47
       





        )
       















        1,583
       





















        (193
       





        )
       
















































































        Total
       









        $
       





        3,118
       















        $
       





        (170
       





        )
       









        $
       





        245
       















        $
       





        (49
       





        )
       









        $
       





        3,363
       















        $
       





        (219
       





        )
       















































































































        Less than 12
Months
       













        12 Months or
Greater
       














         Total
         
         Fair Value
        














        Total
        
        Unrealized
        
        Losses
       



















































        (In millions)
       









        Fair Value
       













        Unrealized
        
        Losses
       













        Fair Value
       













        Unrealized
        
        Losses
       











































        June 30, 2010
       































































































        U.S. government and agency
securities
       








       $
      



       216
      











       $
      



       (1
      



       )
      







       $
      



       0
      











       $
      



       0
      











       $
      



       216
      











       $
      



       (1
      



       )
      






        Mortgage-backed securities
       












       105
      















       (6
      



       )
      











       18
      















       (1
      



       )
      











       123
      















       (7
      



       )
      






        Corporate notes and bonds
       












       1,124
      















       (13
      



       )
      











       89
      















       (5
      



       )
      











       1,213
      















       (18
      



       )
      






        Municipal securities
       












       66
      















       (1
      



       )
      











       0
      















       0
      















       66
      















       (1
      



       )
      






        Common and preferred stock
       












       2,102
      















       (339
      



       )
      











       190
      















       (79
      



       )
      











       2,292
      















       (418
      



       )
      















































































        Total
       








       $
      



       3,613
      











       $
      



       (360
      



       )
      







       $
      



       297
      











       $
      



       (85
      



       )
      







       $
      



       3,910
      











       $
      



       (445
      



       )
      























































































  561000000
  


     During fiscal year 2011,
the following activity occurred under our stock plans:
    





































        Shares
       














         Weighted
        





         Average
        





         Grant-Date
        





         Fair
Value
        






























        (In millions)
       































        Stock Awards
       







































        Nonvested balance, beginning of
year
       















        223
       















        $
       





        24.76
       













        Granted
       















        114
       















        $
       





        22.17
       













        Vested
       















        (63
       





        )
       









        $
       





        25.00
       













        Forfeited
       















        (19
       





        )
       









        $
       





        23.97
       





































        Nonvested balance, end of
year
       















        255
       















        $
       





        23.59
       
























































        Shared Performance Stock Awards
       







































        Nonvested balance, beginning of
year
       















        30
       















        $
       





        25.32
       













        Granted
       















        18
       















        $
       





        22.56
       













        Vested
       















        (13
       





        )
       









        $
       





        25.63
       













        Forfeited
       















        (3
       





        )
       









        $
       





        24.05
       





































        Nonvested balance, end of
year
       















        32
       















        $
       





        23.76
       
















































     As of June 30, 2011,
there was $4.5 billion and $467 million of total unrecognized
compensation costs related to SAs and SPSAs, respectively. These
costs are expected to be recognized over a weighted average period
of 3.3 years and 2.5 years, respectively.
    



     During fiscal year 2010
and 2009, the following activity occurred under our stock
plans:
    





























        (In millions, except fair values)
       









        2010
       













        2009
       





























        Stock Awards
       







































        Awards granted
       












       100
      















       91
      










        Weighted average grant-date fair
value
       








       $
      



       23.43
      











       $
      



       24.95
      


















        Shared Performance Stock Awards
       







































        Awards granted
       












       12
      















       10
      










        Weighted average grant-date fair
value
       








       $
      



       24.57
      











       $
      



       25.93
      










  1349000000
0.175
  


     Segment revenue and
operating income (loss) were as follows during the periods
presented:
    





































        (In millions)
       































































        Year Ended June 30,
       









        2011
       













        2010
       













        2009
       





















        Revenue
       





















































        Windows & Windows Live
Division
       









        $
       





        18,778
       














       $
      



       18,792
      











       $
      



       15,563
      










        Server and Tools
       















        17,107
       


















       15,390
      















       14,686
      










        Online Services Division
       















        2,528
       


















       2,200
      















       2,110
      










        Microsoft Business
Division
       















        21,986
       


















       19,345
      















       19,211
      










        Entertainment and Devices
Division
       















        8,716
       


















       6,224
      















       6,416
      










        Unallocated and other
       















        828
       


















       533
      















       451
      












































        Consolidated
       









        $
       





        69,943
       














       $
      



       62,484
      











       $
      



       58,437
      

























































































        (In millions)
       































































        Year Ended June 30,
       









        2011
       













        2010
       













        2009
       





















        Operating Income (Loss)
       





















































        Windows & Windows Live
Division
       









        $
       





        11,968
       














       $
      



       12,253
      











       $
      



       9,372
      










        Server and Tools
       















        6,453
       


















       5,320
      















       4,627
      










        Online Services Division
       















        (2,638
       





        )
       












       (2,410
      



       )
      











       (1,749
      



       )
      






        Microsoft Business
Division
       















        13,827
       


















       11,642
      















       11,153
      










        Entertainment and Devices
Division
       















        1,135
       


















       573
      















       288
      










        Reconciling amounts
       















        (3,584
       





        )
       












       (3,280
      



       )
      











       (3,328
      



       )
      








































        Consolidated
       









        $
       





        27,161
       














       $
      



       24,098
      











       $
      



       20,363
      




















































  31227000000
  


     The components of
accumulated other comprehensive income were as follows:
    





































        (In millions)
       































































        Year Ended June 30,
       









        2011
       













        2010
       













        2009
       





















        Net unrealized gains (losses) on
derivatives
       









        $
       





        (163
       





        )
       








       $
      



       464
      











       $
      



       437
      










        Net unrealized gains on
investments
       















        1,821
       


















       767
      















       502
      










        Translation adjustments and
other
       















        205
       


















       (176
      



       )
      











       30
      












































        Accumulated other comprehensive
income
       









        $
       





        1,863
       














       $
      



       1,055
      











       $
      



       969
      
























































      NOTE 11 —
INTANGIBLE ASSETS
     




     The components of
intangible assets, all of which are finite-lived, were as
follows:
    





























































        (In millions)
       









        Gross
        
        Carrying
        
        Amount
       













        Accumulated
        
        Amortization
       













        Net Carrying
        
        Amount
       













        Gross
        
        Carrying
        
        Amount
       













        Accumulated
        
        Amortization
       













        Net Carrying
        
        Amount
       





































        Year Ended June 30,
       

































        2011
       





































        2010
       



























        Contract-based
       









        $
       





        1,068
       















        $
       





        (966
       





        )
       









        $
       





        102
       














       $
      



       1,075
      











       $
      



       (914
      



       )
      







       $
      



       161
      










        Technology-based
       


         (a)
        
















        2,356
       





















        (1,831
       





        )
       















        525
       


















       2,308
      















       (1,521
      



       )
      











       787
      










        Marketing-related
       















        113
       





















        (98
       





        )
       















        15
       


















       114
      















       (86
      



       )
      











       28
      










        Customer-related
       















        326
       





















        (224
       





        )
       















        102
       


















       390
      















       (208
      



       )
      











       182
      



















































































        Total
       









        $
       





        3,863
       















        $
       





        (3,119
       





        )
       









        $
       





        744
       














       $
      



       3,887
      











       $
      



       (2,729
      



       )
      







       $
      



       1,158
      


































































































       (a)
      





         Technology-based intangible assets included $179 million and
$249 million as of June 30, 2011 and 2010, respectively, of
net carrying amount of software to be sold, leased, or otherwise
marketed.
        







     We estimate that we have
no significant residual value related to our intangible assets. No
material impairments of intangible assets were identified during
any of the periods presented.
    





     The components of
intangible assets acquired during fiscal years 2011 and 2010 were
as follows:
    













































        (In millions)
       









        Amount
       














         Weighted
        





         Average Life
        














        Amount
       














         Weighted
        





         Average Life
        


































        Year Ended June 30,
       









        2011
       

























        2010
       



































        Contract-based
       









        $
       





        0
       






























       $
      



       3
      















       2 years
      










        Technology-based
       















        119
       





















        3 years
       


















       322
      















       4 years
      










        Marketing-related
       















        1
       





















        7 years
       


















       0
      


























        Customer-related
       















        2
       





















        4 years
       


















       18
      















       5 years
      































































        Total
       









        $
       





        122
       





















        3 years
       














       $
      



       343
      















       4 years
      










































































     Intangible assets
amortization expense was $537 million, $707 million, and $591
million for fiscal years 2011, 2010, and 2009, respectively.
Amortization of capitalized software was $114 million, $97 million,
and $65 million for fiscal years 2011, 2010, and 2009,
respectively.
    



     The following table
outlines the estimated future amortization expense related to
intangible assets held at June 30, 2011:
    





















        (In millions)
       



































        Year Ending June 30,
       

























        2012
       








       $
      



       390
      










        2013
       












       242
      










        2014
       












       68
      










        2015
       












       27
      










        2016
       












       10
      










        2017 and thereafter
       












       7
      


















        Total
       








       $
      



       744
      




























  4222000000
  

    Employees purchased the following
shares during the periods presented:
   




































        (Shares in millions)
       































































        Year Ended June 30,
       









        2011
       













        2010
       













        2009
       





















        Shares purchased
       















        20
       


















       20
      















       24
      










        Average price per share
       









        $
       





        22.98
       














       $
      



       23.73
      











       $
      



       20.13
      













     The items accounting for
the difference between income taxes computed at the U.S. federal
statutory rate and our effective rate were as follows:
    
















































        Year Ended June 30,
       









        2011
       













        2010
       













        2009
       























        Federal statutory rate
       















        35.0%
       


















       35.0%
      















       35.0%
      










        Effect of:
       























































        Foreign earnings taxed at lower
rates
       















        (15.6)%
       


















       (12.1)%
      















       (9.3)%
      










        Internal Revenue Service
settlement
       















        (1.7)%
       


















       0%
      















       0%
      










        Other reconciling items,
net
       















        (0.2)%
       


















       2.1%
      















       0.8%
      












































        Effective rate
       















        17.5%
       


















       25.0%
      















       26.5%
      




















































  8593000000
  



      NOTE 14 —
UNEARNED REVENUE
     




     Unearned revenue
comprises mainly unearned revenue from volume licensing programs,
as well as payments for offerings for which we have been paid in
advance and we earn the revenue when we provide the service or
software or otherwise meet the revenue recognition
criteria.
    




      Volume Licensing
Programs
     




     Unearned revenue from
volume licensing programs represents customer billings for
multi-year licensing arrangements paid either at inception of the
agreement or annually at the beginning of each billing coverage
period and accounted for as subscriptions with revenue recognized
ratably over the billing coverage period.
    




      Other
     




     Also included in unearned
revenue are payments for post-delivery support and consulting
services to be performed in the future; Xbox LIVE subscriptions and
prepaid points; Microsoft Dynamics business solutions products;
technology guarantee programs; OEM minimum commitments; unspecified
upgrades or enhancements of Microsoft Internet Explorer on a
when-and-if-available basis for Windows XP; and other offerings for
which we have been paid in advance and earn the revenue when we
provide the service or software or otherwise meet the revenue
recognition criteria.
    





     The components of
unearned revenue were as follows:
    





























        (In millions)
       

















































        June 30,
       









        2011
       













        2010
       



















        Volume licensing programs
       









        $
       





        14,625
       














       $
      



       12,180
      










        Other
       















        2,495
       


















       2,650
      































        Total
       









        $
       





        17,120
       














       $
      



       14,830
      










































     Unearned revenue by
segment was as follows:
    





























        (In millions)
       

















































        June 30,
       









        2011
       













        2010
       



















        Windows & Windows Live
Division
       









        $
       





        1,782
       














       $
      



       1,701
      










        Server and Tools
       















        6,552
       


















       5,282
      










        Microsoft Business
Division
       















        7,950
       


















       7,004
      










        Other segments
       















        836
       


















       843
      































        Total
       









        $
       





        17,120
       














       $
      



       14,830
      











































      NOTE 3 — OTHER
INCOME (EXPENSE)
     




     The components of other
income (expense) were as follows:
    





































        (In millions)
       































































        Year Ended June 30,
       









        2011
       













        2010
       













        2009
       





















        Dividends and interest
income
       









        $
       





        900
       














       $
      



       843
      











       $
      



       744
      










        Interest expense
       















        (295
       





        )
       












       (151
      



       )
      











       (38
      



       )
      






        Net recognized gains (losses) on
investments
       















        439
       


















       348
      















       (125
      



       )
      






        Net losses on derivatives
       















        (77
       





        )
       












       (140
      



       )
      











       (558
      



       )
      






        Net gains (losses) on foreign
currency remeasurements
       















        (26
       





        )
       












       1
      















       (509
      



       )
      






        Other
       















        (31
       





        )
       












       14
      















       (56
      



       )
      








































        Total
       









        $
       





        910
       














       $
      



       915
      











       $
      



       (542
      



       )
      





















































     Following are details of
net recognized gains (losses) on investments during the periods
reported:
    





































        (In millions)
       































































        Year Ended June 30,
       









        2011
       













        2010
       













        2009
       





















        Other-than-temporary impairments of
investments
       









        $
       





        (80
       





        )
       








       $
      



       (69
      



       )
      







       $
      



       (862
      



       )
      






        Realized gains from sales of
available-for-sale securities
       















        734
       


















       605
      















       1,634
      










        Realized losses from sales of
available-for-sale securities
       















        (215
       





        )
       












       (188
      



       )
      











       (897
      



       )
      








































        Total
       









        $
       





        439
       














       $
      



       348
      











       $
      



       (125
      



       )
      
















































  71000000
  


     Employee stock options
activity during 2011 was as follows:
    





















































        Shares
       














         Weighted
        





         Average
        





         Exercise Price
        















         Weighted
        





         Average
        





         Remaining
        





         Contractual
        





         Term
        















         Aggregate
        





         Intrinsic
        





         Value
        






























        (In millions)
       

























        (Years)
       













        (In millions)
       























        Balance, July 1, 2010
       















        187
       















        $
       





        24.68
       













































        Exercised
       















        (79
       





        )
       









        $
       





        24.91
       













































        Canceled
       















        (15
       





        )
       









        $
       





        28.84
       





































































































        Balance, June 30,
2011
       















        93
       















        $
       





        23.21
       





















        1.04
       















        $
       





        312
       













        Exercisable, June 30,
2011
       















        92
       















        $
       





        23.16
       





















        1.04
       















        $
       





        309
       













  -8376000000
  


     Revenue from external
customers, classified by significant product and service offerings
were as follows:
    





































        (In millions)
       































































        Year Ended June 30,
       









        2011
       













        2010
       













        2009
       





















        Microsoft Office system
       









        $
       





        20,730
       














       $
      



       17,754
      











       $
      



       17,998
      










        Windows PC operating
systems
       















        17,825
       


















       18,225
      















       14,653
      










        Server products and tools
       















        13,251
       


















       12,007
      















       11,344
      










        Xbox 360 platform
       















        8,103
       


















       5,456
      















       5,475
      










        Consulting and product support
services
       















        3,372
       


















       3,036
      















       3,024
      










        Advertising
       















        2,913
       


















       2,528
      















       2,345
      










        Other
       















        3,749
       


















       3,478
      















       3,598
      












































        Total
       









        $
       





        69,943
       














       $
      



       62,484
      











       $
      



       58,437
      
























































     The following tables
present the fair value of our financial instruments that are
measured at fair value on a recurring basis:
    





























































        (In millions)
       









        Level 1
       













        Level 2
       













        Level 3
       














         Gross
        





         Fair
        





         Value
        














        Netting
        
         (a)
        














        Net Fair
        
        Value
       





































        June 30, 2011
       































































































        Assets
       































































































        Mutual funds
       









        $
       





        1,752
       















        $
       





        0
       















        $
       





        0
       















        $
       





        1,752
       















        $
       





        0
       















        $
       





        1,752
       













        Commercial paper
       















        0
       





















        639
       





















        0
       





















        639
       





















        0
       





















        639
       













        Certificates of deposit
       















        0
       





















        598
       





















        0
       





















        598
       





















        0
       





















        598
       













        U.S. government and agency
securities
       















        23,591
       





















        10,175
       





















        0
       





















        33,766
       





















        0
       





















        33,766
       













        Foreign government bonds
       















        303
       





















        367
       





















        0
       





















        670
       





















        0
       





















        670
       













        Mortgage-backed securities
       















        0
       





















        2,428
       





















        0
       





















        2,428
       





















        0
       





















        2,428
       













        Corporate notes and bonds
       















        0
       





















        10,600
       





















        58
       





















        10,658
       





















        0
       





















        10,658
       













        Municipal securities
       















        0
       





















        454
       





















        0
       





















        454
       





















        0
       





















        454
       













        Common and preferred stock
       















        9,821
       





















        55
       





















        5
       





















        9,881
       





















        0
       





















        9,881
       













        Derivatives
       















        8
       





















        388
       





















        20
       





















        416
       





















        (204
       





        )
       















        212
       






















































































        Total
       









        $
       





        35,475
       















        $
       





        25,704
       















        $
       





        83
       















        $
       





        61,262
       















        $
       





        (204
       





        )
       









        $
       





        61,058
       

















































































































        Liabilities
       































































































        Derivatives and other
       









        $
       





        109
       















        $
       





        257
       















        $
       





        0
       















        $
       





        366
       















        $
       





        (203
       





        )
       









        $
       





        163
       





































        (In millions)
       









        Level 1
       













        Level 2
       













        Level 3
       














         Gross
        





         Fair
        





         Value
        














        Netting
        
         (a)
        














        Net Fair
        
        Value
       



































        June 30, 2010
       































































































        Assets
       































































































        Mutual funds
       








       $
      



       1,120
      











       $
      



       0
      











       $
      



       0
      











       $
      



       1,120
      











       $
      



       0
      











       $
      



       1,120
      










        Commercial paper
       












       0
      















       172
      















       0
      















       172
      















       0
      















       172
      










        Certificates of deposit
       












       0
      















       348
      















       0
      















       348
      















       0
      















       348
      










        U.S. government and agency
securities
       












       16,473
      















       4,756
      















       0
      















       21,229
      















       0
      















       21,229
      










        Foreign government bonds
       












       239
      















       294
      















       0
      















       533
      















       0
      















       533
      










        Mortgage-backed securities
       












       0
      















       3,264
      















       0
      















       3,264
      















       0
      















       3,264
      










        Corporate notes and bonds
       












       0
      















       7,460
      















       167
      















       7,627
      















       0
      















       7,627
      










        Municipal securities
       












       0
      















       747
      















       0
      















       747
      















       0
      















       747
      










        Common and preferred stock
       












       6,988
      















       43
      















       5
      















       7,036
      















       0
      















       7,036
      










        Derivatives
       












       22
      















       745
      















       9
      















       776
      















       (207
      



       )
      











       569
      



















































































        Total
       








       $
      



       24,842
      











       $
      



       17,829
      











       $
      



       181
      











       $
      



       42,852
      











       $
      



       (207
      



       )
      







       $
      



       42,645
      














































































































        Liabilities
       































































































        Derivatives and other
       








       $
      



       85
      











       $
      



       137
      











       $
      



       0
      











       $
      



       222
      











       $
      



       (205
      



       )
      







       $
      



       17
      















       (a)
      





         These amounts represent the impact of netting derivative
assets and derivative liabilities when a legally enforceable master
netting agreement exists and fair value adjustments related to our
own credit risk and counterparty credit risk.
        









     Revenue, classified by
the major geographic areas in which our customers are located, was
as follows:
    





































        (In millions)
       































































        Year Ended June 30,
       









        2011
       













        2010
       













        2009
       





















        United
States
       


         (a)
        










        $
       





        38,008
       














       $
      



       36,173
      











       $
      



       33,052
      










        Other countries
       















        31,935
       


















       26,311
      















       25,385
      












































        Total
       









        $
       





        69,943
       














       $
      



       62,484
      











       $
      



       58,437
      



























































       (a)
      





         Includes shipments to customers in the U.S. and licensing to
certain OEMs and multinational organizations.
        






  27000000
38008000000
17000000
0.350
362000000
6960000000
814000000
140000000
-632000000
-340000000
2766000000
Certain of our counterparty agreements for derivative instruments contain provisions that require our issued and outstanding long-term unsecured debt to maintain an investment grade credit rating and require us to maintain a minimum liquidity of $1.0 billion. To the extent we fail to meet these requirements, we will be required to post collateral, similar to the standard convention related to over-the-counter derivatives. As of June 30, 2011, our long-term unsecured debt rating was AAA, and cash investments were in excess of $1.0 billion. As a result, no collateral was required to be posted.
22.98
  



      NOTE 16 —
COMMITMENTS AND GUARANTEES
     





      Construction and Operating
Leases
     




     We have committed $263
million for constructing new buildings, building improvements and
leasehold improvements as of June 30, 2011.
    



     We have operating leases
for most U.S. and international sales and support offices and
certain equipment. Rental expense for facilities operating leases
was $525 million, $530 million, and $475 million, in fiscal years
2011, 2010, and 2009, respectively. Future minimum rental
commitments under noncancellable facilities operating leases in
place as of June 30, 2011 are as follows:
    





















        (In millions)
       



































        Year Ending June 30,
       

























        2012
       








       $
      



       481
      










        2013
       












       396
      










        2014
       












       319
      










        2015
       












       249
      










        2016
       












       163
      










        2017 and thereafter
       












       344
      


















        Total
       








       $
      



       1,952
      
































      Indemnifications
     




     We provide
indemnifications of varying scope and size to certain customers
against claims of intellectual property infringement made by third
parties arising from the use of our products and certain other
matters. We evaluate estimated losses for these indemnifications,
and we consider such factors as the degree of probability of an
unfavorable outcome and the ability to make a reasonable estimate
of the amount of loss. To date, we have not encountered significant
costs as a result of these obligations and have not accrued any
liabilities related to these indemnifications in our financial
statements.
    




      Yahoo! Commercial
Agreement
     




     On December 4, 2009,
we entered into a definitive agreement with Yahoo! whereby
Microsoft will provide the exclusive algorithmic and paid search
platform for Yahoo! Web sites. The term of the agreement is 10
years subject to termination provisions after five years based on
performance.
    



     Microsoft provided Yahoo!
with revenue per search guarantees for a period of 18 months after
implementation of the Microsoft search ads platform in each
country. These guarantees are calculated, paid and trued-up
periodically based on the cumulative reduction in revenue per
search, if any, during the 18-month period from pre-implementation
levels, except in the case of the U.S. and Canada where performance
during each of the first two calendar quarters after implementation
is independent and not cumulative. This is a rate guarantee and not
a guarantee of search volume. We estimate the total cost of the
revenue per search guarantees during the guarantee period could
range up to $150 million.
    



     Microsoft also agreed to
reimburse Yahoo! for certain transition expenses incurred both
before and after the effective date of the agreement.
    



     Finally, Microsoft also
agreed to reimburse Yahoo! for certain costs of running algorithmic
and paid search services prior to migration to Microsoft’s
platform.
    




      Product Warranty
     




     The changes in our
aggregate product warranty liabilities, which are included in other
current liabilities and other long term-liabilities on our balance
sheets, were as follows:
    





























        (In millions)
       

















































        Year Ended June 30,
       









        2011
       













        2010
       



















        Balance, beginning of year
       









        $
       





        240
       














       $
      



       342
      










        Accruals for warranties
issued
       















        55
       


















       144
      










        Adjustments to pre-existing
warranties
       















        0
       


















       (2
      



       )
      






        Settlements of warranty
claims
       















        (123
       





        )
       












       (244
      



       )
      



























        Balance, end of year
       









        $
       





        172
       














       $
      



       240
      











































      Sales and Marketing
     




     Sales and marketing
expenses include payroll, employee benefits, stock-based
compensation expense, and other headcount-related expenses
associated with sales and marketing personnel, and the costs of
advertising, promotions, trade shows, seminars, and other programs.
Advertising costs are expensed as incurred. Advertising expense was
$1.9 billion, $1.6 billion, and $1.4 billion in fiscal years 2011,
2010, and 2009, respectively.
    






      Allowance for Doubtful
Accounts
     




     The allowance for
doubtful accounts reflects our best estimate of probable losses
inherent in the accounts receivable balance. We determine the
allowance based on known troubled accounts, historical experience,
and other currently available evidence.
    





     Unearned revenue by
segment was as follows:
    





























        (In millions)
       

















































        June 30,
       









        2011
       













        2010
       



















        Windows & Windows Live
Division
       









        $
       





        1,782
       














       $
      



       1,701
      










        Server and Tools
       















        6,552
       


















       5,282
      










        Microsoft Business
Division
       















        7,950
       


















       7,004
      










        Other segments
       















        836
       


















       843
      































        Total
       









        $
       





        17,120
       














       $
      



       14,830
      

































































       (In millions)
      

















































       June 30,
      









       2011
      













       2010
      



















       Tax contingencies and other tax
liabilities
      









       $
      





       7,381
      














      $
     



      6,887
     










       Legal contingencies
      















       276
      


















      236
     










       Other
      















       415
      


















      322
     































       Total
      









       $
      





       8,072
      














      $
     



      7,445
     










































      NOTE 9 —
BUSINESS COMBINATIONS
     




     During fiscal year 2011,
we acquired three entities for total consideration of $75 million,
substantially all of which was paid in cash. During fiscal year
2010, we acquired five entities for total consideration of $267
million, substantially all of which was paid in cash. During fiscal
year 2010, we also sold three entities for total consideration of
$600 million, including Razorfish in the second quarter of fiscal
year 2010. During fiscal year 2009, we acquired nine entities for
total consideration of $925 million, substantially all of which was
paid in cash. These entities have been included in or removed from
our consolidated results of operations since their acquisition or
sale dates, respectively. Pro forma results of operations have not
been presented because the effects of these business combinations,
individually and in the aggregate, were not material to our
consolidated results of operations.
    




      Definitive Agreement with
Skype
     




     On May 10, 2011, we
announced that we had entered into a definitive agreement with
Skype Global S.à.r.l. (“Skype”) under which we
would acquire Skype, a leading internet communications company, for
$8.5 billion in cash. The acquisition will extend Skype’s
brand and reach of its network platform, while enhancing our
existing portfolio of real-time communications products and
services. The acquisition is subject to regulatory approvals and
other customary closing conditions. We obtained regulatory approval
in the U.S. and expect to obtain all remaining required regulatory
approvals during calendar year 2011.
    






      Financial
Instruments
     




     We consider all highly
liquid interest-earning investments with a maturity of three months
or less at the date of purchase to be cash equivalents. The fair
values of these investments approximate their carrying values. In
general, investments with original maturities of greater than three
months and remaining maturities of less than one year are
classified as short-term investments. Investments with maturities
beyond one year may be classified as short-term based on their
highly liquid nature and because such marketable securities
represent the investment of cash that is available for current
operations. All cash equivalents and short-term investments are
classified as available-for-sale and realized gains and losses are
recorded using the specific identification method. Changes in
market value, excluding other-than-temporary impairments, are
reflected in OCI.
    



     Equity and other
investments classified as long-term include both debt and equity
instruments. Debt and publicly-traded equity securities are
classified as available-for-sale and realized gains and losses are
recorded using the specific identification method. Changes in
market value, excluding other-than-temporary impairments, are
reflected in OCI. Common and preferred stock and other investments
that are restricted for more than one year or are not publicly
traded are recorded at cost or using the equity method.
    



     We lend certain
fixed-income and equity securities to increase investment returns.
The loaned securities continue to be carried as investments on our
balance sheet. Cash and/or security interests are received as
collateral for the loan securities with the amount determined based
upon the underlying security lent and the creditworthiness of the
borrower. Cash received is recorded as an asset with a
corresponding liability.
    



     Investments are
considered to be impaired when a decline in fair value is judged to
be other-than-temporary. Fair value is calculated based on publicly
available market information or other estimates determined by
management. We employ a systematic methodology on a quarterly basis
that considers available quantitative and qualitative evidence in
evaluating potential impairment of our investments. If the cost of
an investment exceeds its fair value, we evaluate, among other
factors, general market conditions, credit quality of debt
instrument issuers, the duration and extent to which the fair value
is less than cost, and for equity securities, our intent and
ability to hold, or plans to sell, the investment. For fixed-income
securities, we also evaluate whether we have plans to sell the
security or it is more likely than not that we will be required to
sell the security before recovery. We also consider specific
adverse conditions related to the financial health of and business
outlook for the investee, including industry and sector
performance, changes in technology, and operational and financing
cash flow factors. Once a decline in fair value is determined to be
other-than-temporary, an impairment charge is recorded to other
income (expense) and a new cost basis in the investment is
established.
    





     Derivative instruments
are recognized as either assets or liabilities and are measured at
fair value. The accounting for changes in the fair value of a
derivative depends on the intended use of the derivative and the
resulting designation.
    



     For a derivative
instrument designated as a fair-value hedge, the gain (loss) is
recognized in earnings in the period of change together with the
offsetting loss or gain on the hedged item attributed to the risk
being hedged. For options designated as fair-value hedges, changes
in the time value are excluded from the assessment of hedge
effectiveness and are recognized in earnings.
    



     For derivative
instruments designated as cash-flow hedges, the effective portion
of the derivative’s gain (loss) is initially reported as a
component of OCI and is subsequently recognized in earnings when
the hedged exposure is recognized in earnings. For options
designated as cash-flow hedges, changes in the time value are
excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness and are
recognized in earnings. Gains (losses) on derivatives representing
either hedge components excluded from the assessment of
effectiveness or hedge ineffectiveness are recognized in
earnings.
    



     For derivative
instruments that are not designated as hedges, gains (losses) from
changes in fair values are primarily recognized in other income
(expense). Other than those derivatives entered into for investment
purposes, such as commodity contracts, the gains (losses) are
generally economically offset by unrealized gains (losses) in the
underlying available-for-sale securities, which are recorded as a
component of OCI until the securities are sold or
other-than-temporarily impaired, at which time the amounts are
moved from OCI into other income (expense).
    





     Activity in the allowance
for doubtful accounts was as follows:
    





































        (In millions)
       































































        Year Ended June 30,
       









        2011
       













        2010
       













        2009
       





















        Balance, beginning of
period
       









        $
       





        375
       














       $
      



       451
      











       $
      



       153
      










        Charged to costs and other
       















        14
       


















       45
      















       360
      










        Write-offs
       















        (56
       





        )
       












       (121
      



       )
      











       (62
      



       )
      








































        Balance, end of period
       









        $
       





        333
       














       $
      



       375
      











       $
      



       451
      























































     The table below
reconciles the total Net Fair Value of assets above to the balance
sheet presentation of these same assets in Note 4 –
Investments for June 30, 2011 and 2010.
    





























        (In millions)
       

















































        June 30,
       









        2011
       













        2010
       



















        Net fair value of assets measured at
fair value on a recurring basis
       









        $
       





        61,058
       














       $
      



       42,645
      










        Cash
       















        1,648
       


















       1,661
      










        Common and preferred stock measured
at fair value on a nonrecurring basis
       















        334
       


















       216
      










        Other investments measured at fair
value on a nonrecurring basis
       















        650
       


















       502
      










        Less derivative assets classified as
other current assets
       















        (54
       





        )
       












       (544
      



       )
      






        Other
       















        1
       


















       62
      































        Recorded basis of investment
components
       









        $
       





        63,637
       














       $
      



       44,542
      











































      NOTE 20 —
EMPLOYEE STOCK AND SAVINGS PLANS
     




     We grant stock-based
compensation to directors and employees. At June 30, 2011, an
aggregate of 583 million shares were authorized for future
grant under our stock plans, covering stock options, stock awards,
and shared performance stock awards, and excluding shares reserved
for issuance under our employee stock purchase plan. Awards that
expire or are canceled without delivery of shares generally become
available for issuance under the plans. We issue new shares of
Microsoft common stock to satisfy exercises and vestings of awards
granted under all of our stock plans.
    





     Stock-based compensation
expense and related income tax benefits were as follows:
    





































        (In millions)
       































































        Year Ended June 30,
       









        2011
       













        2010
       













        2009
       





















        Stock-based compensation
expense
       









        $
       





        2,166
       














       $
      



       1,891
      











       $
      



       1,708
      










        Income tax benefits related to
stock-based compensation
       









        $
       





        758
       














       $
      



       662
      











       $
      



       598
      












      Stock Plans (Excluding Stock
Options)
     





      Stock awards
     




     Stock awards
(“SAs”) are grants that entitle the holder to shares of
Microsoft common stock as the award vests. Our SAs generally vest
over a five-year period.
    




      Shared performance stock
awards
     




     Shared performance stock
awards (“SPSAs”) are a form of SA in which the number
of shares ultimately received depends on our business performance
against specified performance targets.
    



     We granted SPSAs for
fiscal years 2011, 2010, and 2009 with performance periods of
July 1, 2010 through June 30, 2011, July 1,
2009 through June 30, 2010, and July 1, 2008 through
June 30, 2009, respectively. In August following the end of
each performance period, the number of shares of stock subject to
the award is determined by multiplying the target award by a
percentage ranging from 0% to 150%. The percentage is based on
performance metrics for the performance period, as determined by
the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors in its sole
discretion. An additional number of shares, approximately 12% of
the total target SPSAs, are available as additional awards to
participants based on individual performance. One-quarter of the
shares of stock subject to each award vest following the end of the
performance period, and an additional one-quarter of the shares
vest on each of the following three anniversaries of the grant
date.
    




      Executive Officer Incentive
Plan
     




     Under the Executive
Officer Incentive Plan (“EOIP”), the Compensation
Committee awards performance-based compensation to executive
officers of the Company for specified performance
periods. During the periods reported, executive officers were
eligible to receive annual awards comprised of cash and SAs from an
aggregate incentive pool equal to a percentage of the
Company’s operating income. For fiscal years 2011, 2010, and
2009, the pool was 0.25%, 0.45%, and 0.35% of operating income,
respectively.
    



     In September following
the end of the fiscal year, each executive officer may receive a
combined cash and SA award with a total value equal to a fixed
percentage of the aggregate pool. The fixed percentage ranges
between 0% and 150% of a target based on an assessment of the
executive officer’s performance during the prior fiscal year.
Following approval of the awards, 20% of the award is payable to
the executive officers in cash, and the remaining 80% is converted
into an SA for shares of Microsoft common stock. The number of
shares subject to the SA portion of the award is determined by
dividing the value of 80% of the total award by the closing price
of Microsoft common stock on the last business day in
August of each year. The SA portion of the award vests
one-quarter immediately after the award is approved following
fiscal year-end and one-quarter on August 31 of each of
the following three years.
    




      Activity for all stock
plans
     




     The fair value of each
award is estimated on the date of grant using the following
assumptions:
    

























































        Year Ended June 30,
       









        2011
       













        2010
       













        2009
       





















        Dividends per share (quarterly
amounts)
       









        $
       





        0.13 – $  0.16
       














       $
      



       0.13
      











       $
      



       0.11 - $  0.13
      










        Interest rates range
       















        1.1% - 2.4%
       


















       2.1% - 2.9%
      















       1.4% - 3.6%
      













     During fiscal year 2011,
the following activity occurred under our stock plans:
    





































        Shares
       














         Weighted
        





         Average
        





         Grant-Date
        





         Fair
Value
        






























        (In millions)
       































        Stock Awards
       







































        Nonvested balance, beginning of
year
       















        223
       















        $
       





        24.76
       













        Granted
       















        114
       















        $
       





        22.17
       













        Vested
       















        (63
       





        )
       









        $
       





        25.00
       













        Forfeited
       















        (19
       





        )
       









        $
       





        23.97
       





































        Nonvested balance, end of
year
       















        255
       















        $
       





        23.59
       
























































        Shared Performance Stock Awards
       







































        Nonvested balance, beginning of
year
       















        30
       















        $
       





        25.32
       













        Granted
       















        18
       















        $
       





        22.56
       













        Vested
       















        (13
       





        )
       









        $
       





        25.63
       













        Forfeited
       















        (3
       





        )
       









        $
       





        24.05
       





































        Nonvested balance, end of
year
       















        32
       















        $
       





        23.76
       
















































     As of June 30, 2011,
there was $4.5 billion and $467 million of total unrecognized
compensation costs related to SAs and SPSAs, respectively. These
costs are expected to be recognized over a weighted average period
of 3.3 years and 2.5 years, respectively.
    



     During fiscal year 2010
and 2009, the following activity occurred under our stock
plans:
    





























        (In millions, except fair values)
       









        2010
       













        2009
       





























        Stock Awards
       







































        Awards granted
       












       100
      















       91
      










        Weighted average grant-date fair
value
       








       $
      



       23.43
      











       $
      



       24.95
      


















        Shared Performance Stock Awards
       







































        Awards granted
       












       12
      















       10
      










        Weighted average grant-date fair
value
       








       $
      



       24.57
      











       $
      



       25.93
      











     Following are the fair
values of stock plan awards vested during the periods
reported:
    





































        (In millions)
       





























































        2011
       













        2010
       













        2009
       





















        Total vest-date fair value of stock
awards vested
       









        $
       





        1,521
       














       $
      



       1,358
      











       $
      



       1,137
      










        Total vest-date fair value of shared
performance stock awards vested
       









        $
       





        289
       














       $
      



       227
      











       $
      



       485
      












      Stock Options
     




     We grant stock options
primarily in conjunction with business acquisitions. We granted
zero, one million, and one million stock options in
conjunction with business acquisitions during fiscal years 2011,
2010, and 2009, respectively. Options generally vest over four and
one-half years and expire 10 years from the date of
grant.
    





     Employee stock options
activity during 2011 was as follows:
    





















































        Shares
       














         Weighted
        





         Average
        





         Exercise Price
        















         Weighted
        





         Average
        





         Remaining
        





         Contractual
        





         Term
        















         Aggregate
        





         Intrinsic
        





         Value
        






























        (In millions)
       

























        (Years)
       













        (In millions)
       























        Balance, July 1, 2010
       















        187
       















        $
       





        24.68
       













































        Exercised
       















        (79
       





        )
       









        $
       





        24.91
       













































        Canceled
       















        (15
       





        )
       









        $
       





        28.84
       





































































































        Balance, June 30,
2011
       















        93
       















        $
       





        23.21
       





















        1.04
       















        $
       





        312
       













        Exercisable, June 30,
2011
       















        92
       















        $
       





        23.16
       





















        1.04
       















        $
       





        309
       














     Options outstanding as of
June 30, 2011 include approximately two million options
that were granted in conjunction with business acquisitions. These
options have an exercise price range of $0.01 to $29.24 and a
weighted average exercise price of $7.69.
    



     During the periods
reported, the following stock option exercise activity
occurred:
    





































        (In millions)
       







































































        2011
       













        2010
       













        2009
       











        Total intrinsic value of stock
options exercised
       









        $
       





        222
       














       $
      



       365
      











       $
      



       48
      










        Cash received from stock option
exercises
       









        $
       





        1,954
       














       $
      



       1,839
      











       $
      



       88
      










        Tax benefit realized from stock
option exercises
       









        $
       





        77
       














       $
      



       126
      











       $
      



       12
      












      Employee Stock Purchase
Plan
     




     We have an employee stock
purchase plan for all eligible employees. Shares of our common
stock may be purchased by employees at three-month intervals at 90%
of the fair market value on the last day of each three-month
period. Employees may purchase shares having a value not exceeding
15% of their gross compensation during an offering period.
Employees purchased the following shares during the periods
presented:
    





































        (Shares in millions)
       































































        Year Ended June 30,
       









        2011
       













        2010
       













        2009
       





















        Shares purchased
       















        20
       


















       20
      















       24
      










        Average price per share
       









        $
       





        22.98
       














       $
      



       23.73
      











       $
      



       20.13
      











     At June 30, 2011,
43 million shares of our common stock were reserved for future
issuance through the employee stock purchase plan.
    




      Savings Plan
     




     We have a savings plan in
the U.S. that qualifies under Section 401(k) of the Internal
Revenue Code, and a number of savings plans in international
locations. Participating U.S. employees may contribute up to 50% of
their salary, but not more than statutory limits. We contribute
fifty cents for each dollar a participant contributes in this plan,
with a maximum contribution of 3% of a participant’s
earnings. Matching contributions for all plans were $282 million,
$275 million, and $262 million in fiscal years 2011, 2010, and
2009, respectively, and were expensed as contributed. Matching
contributions are invested proportionate to each
participant’s voluntary contributions in the investment
options provided under the plan. Investment options in the U.S.
plan include Microsoft common stock, but neither participant nor
our matching contributions are required to be invested in Microsoft
common stock.
    






      Employee Stock Purchase
Plan
     




     Shares of our common
stock may be purchased by employees at three-month intervals at 90%
of the fair market value of the stock on the last day of each
three-month period. Compensation expense for the employee stock
purchase plan is measured as the discount the employee is entitled
to upon purchase and is recognized in the period of
purchase.
    






      Recently adopted accounting
pronouncements
     




     On July 1, 2010, we
adopted guidance issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board
(“FASB”) on revenue recognition. Under the new guidance
on arrangements that include software elements, tangible products
that have software components that are essential to the
functionality of the tangible product are no longer within the
scope of the software revenue recognition guidance, and
software-enabled products are now subject to other relevant revenue
recognition guidance. Additionally, the FASB issued guidance on
revenue arrangements with multiple deliverables that are outside
the scope of the software revenue recognition guidance. Under the
new guidance, when vendor specific objective evidence or third
party evidence for deliverables in an arrangement cannot be
determined, a best estimate of the selling price is required to
separate deliverables and allocate arrangement consideration using
the relative selling price method. The new guidance includes new
disclosure requirements on how the application of the relative
selling price method affects the timing and amount of revenue
recognition. Adoption of the new guidance did not have a material
impact on our financial statements.
    



     On July 1, 2010, we
adopted new guidance issued by the FASB on the consolidation of
variable interest entities. The new guidance requires revised
evaluations of whether entities represent variable interest
entities, ongoing assessments of control over such entities, and
additional disclosures for variable interests. Adoption of the new
guidance did not have a material impact on our financial
statements.
    






      Recent accounting pronouncements
not yet adopted
     




     In June 2011, the FASB
issued guidance on presentation of comprehensive income. The
new guidance eliminates the current option to report other
comprehensive income and its components in the statement of changes
in equity. Instead, an entity will be required to present
either a continuous statement of net income and other comprehensive
income or in two separate but consecutive statements. The new
guidance will be effective for us beginning July 1, 2012 and
will have presentation changes only.
    



     In May 2011, the FASB
issued guidance to amend the accounting and disclosure requirements
on fair value measurements. The new guidance limits the
highest-and-best-use measure to nonfinancial assets, permits
certain financial assets and liabilities with offsetting positions
in market or counterparty credit risks to be measured at a net
basis, and provides guidance on the applicability of premiums and
discounts. Additionally, the new guidance expands the
disclosures on Level 3 inputs by requiring quantitative disclosure
of the unobservable inputs and assumptions, as well as description
of the valuation processes and the sensitivity of the fair value to
changes in unobservable inputs. The new guidance will be effective
for us beginning January 1, 2012. Other than requiring
additional disclosures, we do not anticipate material impacts on
our financial statements upon adoption.
    





     In January 2010, the FASB
issued guidance to amend the disclosure requirements related to
fair value measurements. The guidance requires the disclosure of
roll forward activities on purchases, sales, issuance, and
settlements of the assets and liabilities measured using
significant unobservable inputs (Level 3 fair value measurements).
The guidance will become effective for us with the reporting period
beginning July 1, 2011. Other than requiring additional
disclosures, the adoption of this new guidance will not have a
material impact on our financial statements.
    





     We repurchased the
following shares of common stock under the above-described
repurchase plans using cash resources:
    





























































        (In millions)
       









        Shares
       













        Amount
       













        Shares
       













        Amount
       













        Shares
       













        Amount
       





































        Year Ended June 30,
       





















        2011
        
         (a)
        


























        2010
        
         (a)
        


























        2009
        
         (b)
        




























        First quarter
       















        163
       















        $
       





        4,000
       


















       58
      











       $
      



       1,445
      















       223
      











       $
      



       5,966
      










        Second quarter
       















        188
       





















        5,000
       


















       125
      















       3,583
      















       95
      















       2,234
      










        Third quarter
       















        30
       





















        827
       


















       67
      















       2,000
      















       0
      















       0
      










        Fourth quarter
       















        66
       





















        1,631
       


















       130
      















       3,808
      















       0
      















       0
      



















































































        Total
       















        447
       















        $
       





        11,458
       


















       380
      











       $
      



       10,836
      















       318
      











       $
      



       8,200
      


































































































       (a)
      





         All
shares repurchased in fiscal years 2011 and 2010 were repurchased
under the plan approved by our Board of Directors on
September 22, 2008.
        









       (b)
      





         Of
the 318 million shares of common stock repurchased in fiscal
year 2009, 101 million shares were repurchased for $2.7
billion under the plan approved by our Board of Directors during
the first quarter of fiscal year 2007. The remaining shares were
repurchased under the plan approved by our Board of Directors on
September 22, 2008.
        










      Accounting
Principles
     




     The financial statements
and accompanying notes are prepared in accordance with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America
(“U.S. GAAP”).
    





     The components of
property and equipment were as follows:
    





























        (In millions)
       





























        June 30,
       









        2011
       













        2010
       



















        Land
       









        $
       





        533
       














       $
      



       526
      










        Buildings and improvements
       















        6,521
       


















       6,087
      










        Leasehold improvements
       















        2,345
       


















       2,100
      










        Computer equipment and
software
       















        6,601
       


















       5,673
      










        Furniture and equipment
       















        1,991
       


















       1,873
      































        Total, at cost
       















        17,991
       


















       16,259
      










        Accumulated depreciation
       















        (9,829
       





        )
       












       (8,629
      



       )
      



























        Total, net
       









        $
       





        8,162
       














       $
      



       7,630
      










































     In fiscal year 2011, our
Board of Directors declared the following dividends:
    













































        Declaration Date
       










         Dividend
        





         Per Share
        














        Record Date
       













        Total Amount
       













        Payment Date
       





















































        (In millions)
       




































         September 21, 2010
        










        $
       





        0.16
       





















        November 18, 2010
       















        $
       





        1,363
       





















        December 9, 2010
       














         December 15, 2010
        










        $
       





        0.16
       





















        February 17, 2011
       















        $
       





        1,349
       





















        March 10, 2011
       














         March 14, 2011
        










        $
       





        0.16
       





















        May 19, 2011
       















        $
       





        1,350
       





















        June 9, 2011
       














         June 15, 2011
        










        $
       





        0.16
       





















        August 18, 2011
       















        $
       





        1,340
       





















        September 8, 2011
       
















     The dividend declared on
June 15, 2011 will be paid after the filing date of this
report on Form 10-K and was included in other current liabilities
as of June 30, 2011.
    



     In fiscal year 2010, our
Board of Directors declared the following dividends:
    













































        Declaration Date
       










         Dividend
        





         Per Share
        














        Record Date
       













        Total Amount
       













        Payment Date
       





















































        (In millions)
       



































        September 18, 2009
       








       $
      



       0.13
      















       November 19, 2009
      











       $
      



       1,152
      















       December 10, 2009
      










        December 9, 2009
       








       $
      



       0.13
      















       February 18, 2010
      











       $
      



       1,139
      















       March 11, 2010
      










        March 8, 2010
       








       $
      



       0.13
      















       May 20, 2010
      











       $
      



       1,130
      















       June 10, 2010
      










        June 16, 2010
       








       $
      



       0.13
      















       August 19, 2010
      











       $
      



       1,118
      















       September 9, 2010
      













     The fair value of each
award is estimated on the date of grant using the following
assumptions:
    

























































        Year Ended June 30,
       









        2011
       













        2010
       













        2009
       





















        Dividends per share (quarterly
amounts)
       









        $
       





        0.13 – $  0.16
       














       $
      



       0.13
      











       $
      



       0.11 - $  0.13
      










        Interest rates range
       















        1.1% - 2.4%
       


















       2.1% - 2.9%
      















       1.4% - 3.6%
      













     The components of
investments, including associated derivatives, were as
follows:
    





































































        (In millions)
       









        Cost Basis
       














         Unrealized
        





         Gains
        















         Unrealized
        





         Losses
        















         Recorded
        





         Basis
        















         Cash
        





         and
Cash
        





         Equivalents
        















         Short-term
        





         Investments
        















         Equity
        





         and
Other
        





         Investments
        








































        June 30, 2011
       













































































































        Cash
       









        $
       





        1,648
       















        $
       





        0
       















        $
       





        0
       















        $
       





        1,648
       















        $
       





        1,648
       















        $
       





        0
       















        $
       





        0
       













        Mutual funds
       















        1,752
       





















        0
       





















        0
       





















        1,752
       





















        1,752
       





















        0
       





















        0
       













        Commercial paper
       















        639
       





















        0
       





















        0
       





















        639
       





















        414
       





















        225
       





















        0
       













        Certificates of deposit
       















        598
       





















        0
       





















        0
       





















        598
       





















        372
       





















        226
       





















        0
       













        U.S. government and agency
securities
       















        33,607
       





















        162
       





















        (7
       





        )
       















        33,762
       





















        2,049
       





















        31,713
       





















        0
       













        Foreign government bonds
       















        658
       





















        11
       





















        (2
       





        )
       















        667
       





















        0
       





















        667
       





















        0
       













        Mortgage-backed securities
       















        2,307
       





















        121
       





















        (4
       





        )
       















        2,424
       





















        0
       





















        2,424
       





















        0
       













        Corporate notes and bonds
       















        10,575
       





















        260
       





















        (11
       





        )
       















        10,824
       





















        3,375
       





















        7,449
       





















        0
       













        Municipal securities
       















        441
       





















        15
       





















        (2
       





        )
       















        454
       





















        0
       





















        454
       





















        0
       













        Common and preferred stock
       















        7,925
       





















        2,483
       





















        (193
       





        )
       















        10,215
       





















        0
       





















        0
       





















        10,215
       













        Other investments
       















        654
       





















        0
       





















        0
       





















        654
       





















        0
       





















        4
       





















        650
       



































































































        Total
       









        $
       





        60,804
       















        $
       





        3,052
       















        $
       





        (219
       





        )
       









        $
       





        63,637
       















        $
       





        9,610
       















        $
       





        43,162
       















        $
       





        10,865
       
































































































































        (In millions)
       









        Cost Basis
       














         Unrealized
        





         Gains
        















         Unrealized
        





         Losses
        















         Recorded
        





         Basis
        















         Cash
        





         and Cash
        





         Equivalents
        















         Short-term
        





         Investments
        















         Equity
        





         and Other
        





         Investments
        






































        June 30, 2010
       













































































































        Cash
       








       $
      



       1,661
      











       $
      



       0
      











       $
      



       0
      











       $
      



       1,661
      











       $
      



       1,661
      











       $
      



       0
      











       $
      



       0
      










        Mutual funds
       












       1,120
      















       0
      















       0
      















       1,120
      















       1,120
      















       0
      















       0
      










        Commercial paper
       












       188
      















       0
      















       0
      















       188
      















       13
      















       175
      















       0
      










        Certificates of deposit
       












       348
      















       0
      















       0
      















       348
      















       68
      















       280
      















       0
      










        U.S. government and
agency securities
       












       21,036
      















       167
      















       (1
      



       )
      











       21,202
      















       1,822
      















       19,380
      















       0
      










        Foreign government bonds
       












       518
      















       13
      















       0
      















       531
      















       0
      















       531
      















       0
      










        Mortgage-backed securities
       












       3,137
      















       135
      















       (7
      



       )
      











       3,265
      















       0
      















       3,265
      















       0
      










        Corporate notes and bonds
       












       7,450
      















       289
      















       (18
      



       )
      











       7,721
      















       701
      















       7,020
      















       0
      










        Municipal securities
       












       726
      















       22
      















       (1
      



       )
      











       747
      















       120
      















       627
      















       0
      










        Common and preferred stock
       












       6,640
      















       1,030
      















       (418
      



       )
      











       7,252
      















       0
      















       0
      















       7,252
      










        Other investments
       












       507
      















       0
      















       0
      















       507
      















       0
      















       5
      















       502
      
































































































        Total
       








       $
      



       43,331
      











       $
      



       1,656
      











       $
      



       (445
      



       )
      







       $
      



       44,542
      











       $
      



       5,505
      











       $
      



       31,283
      











       $
      



       7,754
      











































































































     Shares of common stock
outstanding were as follows:
    





































        (In millions)
       































































        Year Ended June 30,
       









        2011
       













        2010
       













        2009
       





















        Balance, beginning of year
       















        8,668
       


















       8,908
      















       9,151
      










        Issued
       















        155
       


















       140
      















       75
      










        Repurchased
       















        (447
       





        )
       












       (380
      



       )
      











       (318
      



       )
      








































        Balance, end of year
       















        8,376
       


















       8,668
      















       8,908
      




















































  0.9
  


     During the periods
reported, the following stock option exercise activity
occurred:
    





































        (In millions)
       







































































        2011
       













        2010
       













        2009
       











        Total intrinsic value of stock
options exercised
       









        $
       





        222
       














       $
      



       365
      











       $
      



       48
      










        Cash received from stock option
exercises
       









        $
       





        1,954
       














       $
      



       1,839
      











       $
      



       88
      










        Tax benefit realized from stock
option exercises
       









        $
       





        77
       














       $
      



       126
      











       $
      



       12
      













     Following are the fair
values of stock plan awards vested during the periods
reported:
    





































        (In millions)
       





























































        2011
       













        2010
       













        2009
       





















        Total vest-date fair value of stock
awards vested
       









        $
       





        1,521
       














       $
      



       1,358
      











       $
      



       1,137
      










        Total vest-date fair value of shared
performance stock awards vested
       









        $
       





        289
       














       $
      



       227
      











       $
      



       485
      










  2
10
5
15
1
5
2
3
3
  


     We recognized in other
income (expense) the following gains (losses) related to fair value
hedges and their related hedged items:
    





































        (In millions)
       































































        Year Ended June 30,
       









        2011
       













        2010
       













        2009
       





















        Foreign Exchange Contracts
       





















































        Derivatives
       









        $
       





        (92
       





        )
       








       $
      



       (57
      



       )
      







       $
      



       121
      










        Hedged items
       















        85
       


















       60
      















       (120
      



       )
      








































        Total
       









        $
       





        (7
       





        )
       








       $
      



       3
      











       $
      



       1
      

































































        Equity Contracts
       





















































        Derivatives
       









        $
       





        0
       














       $
      



       0
      











       $
      



       191
      










        Hedged items
       















        0
       


















       0
      















       (211
      



       )
      








































        Total
       









        $
       





        0
       














       $
      



       0
      











       $
      



       (20
      



       )
      



















































     We recognized the
following gains (losses) related to foreign exchange contracts
designated as cash flow hedges (our only cash flow hedges during
the periods reported):
    





































        (In millions)
       































































        Year Ended June 30,
       









        2011
       













        2010
       













        2009
       





















        Effective Portion
       





















































        Gain (loss) recognized in OCI, net of
tax effect of
        
         $(340),
        
        $188 and $472
       









        $
       





        (632
       





        )
       








       $
      



       349
      











       $
      



       876
      










        Gain (loss) reclassified from OCI
into revenue
       









        $
       





        (7
       





        )
       








       $
      



       495
      











       $
      



       884
      




















        Amount Excluded from Effectiveness Assessment and
Ineffective Portion
       





















































        Loss recognized in other income
(expense)
       









        $
       





        (276
       





        )
       








       $
      



       (174
      



       )
      







       $
      



       (314
      



       )
      






  0.20
25.63
18000000
22.56
2.5
289000000
13000000
3000000
0.12
0.00
1.50
25.00
114000000
22.17
3.3
1521000000
63000000
19000000
P5Y
The SA portion of the award vests one-quarter immediately after the award is approved following fiscal year-end and one-quarter on August 31 of each of the following three years.
0.80
-3584000000
544000000
632000000
-4619000000
-141000000
828000000
13000000
17107000000
6453000000
8000000
4000000
21986000000
13827000000
139000000
30000000
8716000000
1135000000
-19000000
0
2528000000
-2638000000
0
0
18778000000
11968000000
12000000
On April 15, 2011, the British Columbia Court of Appeal reversed the class certification ruling and dismissed the case, holding that indirect purchasers do not have a claim. The plaintiffs have sought review by the Canadian Supreme Court.
1300000000
  


     Gains (losses) from
changes in fair values of derivatives that are not designated as
hedges are primarily recognized in other income (expense). These
amounts are shown in the table below, with the exception of gains
(losses) on derivatives presented in income statement line items
other than other income (expense), which were immaterial for all
periods presented. Other than those derivatives entered into for
investment purposes, such as commodity contracts, the gains
(losses) below are generally economically offset by unrealized
gains (losses) in the underlying available-for-sale
securities.
    





































        (In millions)
       































































        Year Ended June 30,
       









        2011
       













        2010
       













        2009
       





















        Foreign exchange contracts
       









        $
       





        (27
       





        )
       








       $
      



       106
      











       $
      



       (234
      



       )
      






        Equity contracts
       















        35
       


















       12
      















       (131
      



       )
      






        Interest-rate contracts
       















        19
       


















       (4
      



       )
      











       5
      










        Credit contracts
       















        24
       


















       22
      















       (18
      



       )
      






        Commodity contracts
       















        148
       


















       (1
      



       )
      











       (126
      



       )
      








































        Total
       









        $
       





        199
       














       $
      



       135
      











       $
      



       (504
      



       )
      
















































  -276000000
We have reached agreements to settle all claims that have been made to date in 19 states and the District of Columbia.
We obtained dismissals of damages claims of indirect purchasers under federal law and in 15 states. Courts refused to certify classes in two additional states.
Since 2001, we have been subject to a Consent Decree and Final Judgment ("Final  Judgments") that resolved lawsuits brought by the U.S. Department of Justice, 18  states, and the District of Columbia in two separate actions. The Final  Judgments imposed various constraints on our Windows operating system  businesses. The Final Judgments expired in May 2011.
2000000
-63000000
-85000000
39000000
6000000
0
0
0
0
0
0
11000000
11000000
0
0
35000000
0
24000000
148000000
-7000000
-85000000
-27000000
92000000
19000000
4
7
3
2166000000
-1000000
3738000000
2422000000
-292000000
381000000
5394000000
-627000000
23958000000
23150000000
8215000000
1054000000
June 1
May 15
June 1
May 15
June 1
May 15
March 25
March 15
April 1
March 15
March 27
March 15
April 1
March 15
February 8
February 1
February 8
February 1
February 8
February 1
December 1
November 15
December 1
November 15
December 1
November 15
September 25
September 15
October 1
September 15
September 27
September 15
October 1
September 15
August 8
August 1
August 8
August 1
August 8
August 1
56000000
14000000
2004 to 2006
2007 to 2010
2014-06-01
2019-06-01
2039-06-01
2013-06-15
2015-09-25
2040-10-01
2013-09-27
2020-10-01
2041-02-08
2021-02-08
2016-02-08
P4Y
0.13
P90D
0.00
P5Y
0.16
0.03
0.50
P3Y
1.50
2913000000
3749000000
3372000000
8103000000
13251000000
17825000000
20730000000
0.90
0.0025
0.01
29.24
P4.5Y
10
0
0
0
11748000000
0.45
67000000
4006000000
2000000000
2010-06-10
2010-03-08
1130000000
0.13
0.46
14503000000
2010-05-20
12531000000
0.61
30000000
5232000000
827000000
2011-06-09
2011-03-14
1350000000
0.16
0.62
16428000000
2011-05-19
-461000000
0
0
12869000000
0.51
130000000
4518000000
3808000000
2010-09-09
2010-06-16
1118000000
0.13
0.52
16039000000
2010-08-19
13659000000
0.69
66000000
5874000000
1631000000
2011-09-08
2011-06-15
1340000000
0.16
0.70
17367000000
0.07
2011-08-18
223000000
5966000000
95000000
2234000000
10078000000
0.40
58000000
3574000000
1445000000
2009-12-10
2009-09-18
1152000000
0.13
0.40
12920000000
2009-11-19
1500000000
15394000000
0.74
125000000
6662000000
3583000000
2010-03-11
2009-12-09
1139000000
0.13
0.75
19022000000
2010-02-18
1700000000
13056000000
0.62
163000000
5410000000
4000000000
2010-12-09
2010-09-21
1363000000
0.16
0.63
16195000000
2010-11-18
15120000000
0.77
188000000
6634000000
5000000000
2011-03-10
2010-12-15
1349000000
0.16
0.78
19953000000
2011-02-17


0000789019


2010-10-01
2010-12-31




0000789019


2010-07-01
2010-09-30




0000789019
msft:UpgradeOptionAndGuaranteeProgramsAndPreShipmentsMember


2009-10-01
2009-12-31




0000789019


2009-10-01
2009-12-31




0000789019
msft:UpgradeOptionAndGuaranteeProgramsAndPreShipmentsMember


2009-07-01
2009-09-30




0000789019


2009-07-01
2009-09-30




0000789019


2008-10-01
2008-12-31




0000789019


2008-07-01
2008-09-30




0000789019


2011-04-01
2011-06-30




0000789019


2010-04-01
2010-06-30




0000789019


2009-04-01
2009-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:InternalRevenueServiceIRSMember


2011-01-01
2011-03-31




0000789019


2011-01-01
2011-03-31




0000789019


2010-01-01
2010-03-31




0000789019


2009-01-01
2009-03-31




0000789019
msft:OptionsBusinessCombinationsMember


2010-07-01
2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:ExecutiveOfficerIncentivePlanMember


2010-07-01
2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:EmployeeStockPurchasePlanMember


2010-07-01
2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:MicrosoftOfficeSystemMember


2010-07-01
2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:WindowsPCOperatingSystemsMember


2010-07-01
2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:ServerProductsAndToolsMember


2010-07-01
2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:Xbox360PlatformMember


2010-07-01
2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:ConsultingAndProductSupportServicesMember


2010-07-01
2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:OtherProductsAndServicesMember


2010-07-01
2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:AdvertisingMember


2010-07-01
2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:ExecutiveOfficerIncentivePlanMemberus-gaap:MaximumMember


2010-07-01
2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:MaximumMember


2010-07-01
2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:ExecutiveOfficerIncentivePlanMemberus-gaap:MinimumMember


2010-07-01
2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:MinimumMember


2010-07-01
2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:Notes2.5PercentDueFebruary8th2016Member


2010-07-01
2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:Notes4.0PercentDueFebruary8th2021Member


2010-07-01
2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:Notes5.3PercentDueFebruary8th2041Member


2010-07-01
2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:Notes3.0PercentDueOctober1st2020Member


2010-07-01
2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:Notes0.875PercentDueSeptember27th2013Member


2010-07-01
2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:Notes4.5PercentDueOctober1st2040Member


2010-07-01
2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:Notes1.625PercentDueSeptember25th2015Member


2010-07-01
2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:ZeroCouponConvertibleUnsecuredDebtDueJune15th2013Member


2010-07-01
2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:Notes5.2PercentDueJune1st2039Member


2010-07-01
2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:Notes4.2PercentDueJune1st2019Member


2010-07-01
2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:Notes2.95PercentDueJune1st2014Member


2010-07-01
2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:InternalRevenueServiceIRSMember


2010-07-01
2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsMember


2010-07-01
2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:Notes2.5PercentDueFebruary8th2016Membermsft:SemiAnnualPaymentSecondPaymentMember


2010-07-01
2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:Notes4.0PercentDueFebruary8th2021Membermsft:SemiAnnualPaymentSecondPaymentMember


2010-07-01
2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:Notes5.3PercentDueFebruary8th2041Membermsft:SemiAnnualPaymentSecondPaymentMember


2010-07-01
2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:Notes3.0PercentDueOctober1st2020Membermsft:SemiAnnualPaymentSecondPaymentMember


2010-07-01
2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:Notes0.875PercentDueSeptember27th2013Membermsft:SemiAnnualPaymentSecondPaymentMember


2010-07-01
2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:Notes4.5PercentDueOctober1st2040Membermsft:SemiAnnualPaymentSecondPaymentMember


2010-07-01
2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:Notes1.625PercentDueSeptember25th2015Membermsft:SemiAnnualPaymentSecondPaymentMember


2010-07-01
2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:Notes5.2PercentDueJune1st2039Membermsft:SemiAnnualPaymentSecondPaymentMember


2010-07-01
2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:Notes4.2PercentDueJune1st2019Membermsft:SemiAnnualPaymentSecondPaymentMember


2010-07-01
2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:Notes2.95PercentDueJune1st2014Membermsft:SemiAnnualPaymentSecondPaymentMember


2010-07-01
2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:Notes2.5PercentDueFebruary8th2016Membermsft:SemiAnnualPaymentFirstPaymentMember


2010-07-01
2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:Notes4.0PercentDueFebruary8th2021Membermsft:SemiAnnualPaymentFirstPaymentMember


2010-07-01
2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:Notes5.3PercentDueFebruary8th2041Membermsft:SemiAnnualPaymentFirstPaymentMember


2010-07-01
2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:Notes3.0PercentDueOctober1st2020Membermsft:SemiAnnualPaymentFirstPaymentMember


2010-07-01
2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:Notes0.875PercentDueSeptember27th2013Membermsft:SemiAnnualPaymentFirstPaymentMember


2010-07-01
2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:Notes4.5PercentDueOctober1st2040Membermsft:SemiAnnualPaymentFirstPaymentMember


2010-07-01
2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:Notes1.625PercentDueSeptember25th2015Membermsft:SemiAnnualPaymentFirstPaymentMember


2010-07-01
2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:Notes5.2PercentDueJune1st2039Membermsft:SemiAnnualPaymentFirstPaymentMember


2010-07-01
2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:Notes4.2PercentDueJune1st2019Membermsft:SemiAnnualPaymentFirstPaymentMember


2010-07-01
2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:Notes2.95PercentDueJune1st2014Membermsft:SemiAnnualPaymentFirstPaymentMember


2010-07-01
2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficitAndAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxMember


2010-07-01
2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:CommonStockIncludingAdditionalPaidInCapitalMember


2010-07-01
2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:TechnologyBasedIntangibleAssetsMember


2010-07-01
2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:MarketingIntangiblesMember


2010-07-01
2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:CustomerRelationshipsMember


2010-07-01
2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:InterestRateContractMember


2010-07-01
2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:ForeignExchangeContractMember


2010-07-01
2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:CommodityContractMember


2010-07-01
2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:CreditRiskContractMember


2010-07-01
2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:EquityContractMember


2010-07-01
2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:DerivativeFinancialInstrumentsAssetsMember


2010-07-01
2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:EquitySecuritiesMember


2010-07-01
2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:CorporateDebtSecuritiesMember


2010-07-01
2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:FairValueMeasurementsNonrecurringMember


2010-07-01
2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:GovernmentCompetitionLawMattersMember


2010-07-01
2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:AntitrustUnfairCompetitionAndOverchargeClassActionsMember


2010-07-01
2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:ForeignExchangeContractMemberus-gaap:DesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentMember


2010-07-01
2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:NondesignatedMember


2010-07-01
2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:AntitrustUnfairCompetitionAndOverchargeClassActionsMembercountry:US


2010-07-01
2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:AntitrustUnfairCompetitionAndOverchargeClassActionsMembercountry:CA


2010-07-01
2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:WindowsAndWindowsLiveMember


2010-07-01
2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:OnlineServicesDivisionMember


2010-07-01
2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:EntertainmentAndDevicesDivisionMember


2010-07-01
2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:MicrosoftBusinessDivisionMember


2010-07-01
2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:ServerAndToolsMember


2010-07-01
2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:UnallocatedAndOtherReportableSegmentMember


2010-07-01
2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:AllOtherMemberus-gaap:MaterialReconcilingItemsMember


2010-07-01
2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:CorporateLevelActivityMemberus-gaap:MaterialReconcilingItemsMember


2010-07-01
2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:SalesRevenueSegmentMemberus-gaap:MaterialReconcilingItemsMember


2010-07-01
2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:StockCompensationPlanMemberus-gaap:MaterialReconcilingItemsMember


2010-07-01
2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:MaterialReconcilingItemsMember


2010-07-01
2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:ExecutiveOfficerIncentivePlanMembermsft:UnvestedStockAwardsMember


2010-07-01
2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:UnvestedStockAwardsMember


2010-07-01
2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:MaximumMembermsft:SharedPerformanceStockAwardsMember


2010-07-01
2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:MinimumMembermsft:SharedPerformanceStockAwardsMember


2010-07-01
2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:SharedPerformanceStockAwardsMember


2010-07-01
2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:ExecutiveOfficerIncentivePlanMemberus-gaap:CashMember


2010-07-01
2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:CashFlowHedgingMember


2010-07-01
2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:FairValueHedgingMember


2010-07-01
2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:SoftwareMember


2010-07-01
2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:ComputerEquipmentMember


2010-07-01
2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:FurnitureAndFixturesMember


2010-07-01
2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:BuildingAndBuildingImprovementsMember


2010-07-01
2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:LeaseholdImprovementsMember


2010-07-01
2011-06-30




0000789019


2010-07-01
2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:OptionsBusinessCombinationsMember


2009-07-01
2010-06-30




0000789019
msft:ExecutiveOfficerIncentivePlanMember


2009-07-01
2010-06-30




0000789019
msft:EmployeeStockPurchasePlanMember


2009-07-01
2010-06-30




0000789019
msft:MicrosoftOfficeSystemMember


2009-07-01
2010-06-30




0000789019
msft:WindowsPCOperatingSystemsMember


2009-07-01
2010-06-30




0000789019
msft:ServerProductsAndToolsMember


2009-07-01
2010-06-30




0000789019
msft:Xbox360PlatformMember


2009-07-01
2010-06-30




0000789019
msft:ConsultingAndProductSupportServicesMember


2009-07-01
2010-06-30




0000789019
msft:OtherProductsAndServicesMember


2009-07-01
2010-06-30




0000789019
msft:AdvertisingMember


2009-07-01
2010-06-30




0000789019
msft:ExecutiveOfficerIncentivePlanMemberus-gaap:MaximumMember


2009-07-01
2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:MaximumMember


2009-07-01
2010-06-30




0000789019
msft:ExecutiveOfficerIncentivePlanMemberus-gaap:MinimumMember


2009-07-01
2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:MinimumMember


2009-07-01
2010-06-30




0000789019
msft:ZeroCouponConvertibleUnsecuredDebtDueJune15th2013Member


2009-07-01
2010-06-30




0000789019
msft:Notes5.2PercentDueJune1st2039Member


2009-07-01
2010-06-30




0000789019
msft:Notes4.2PercentDueJune1st2019Member


2009-07-01
2010-06-30




0000789019
msft:Notes2.95PercentDueJune1st2014Member


2009-07-01
2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsMember


2009-07-01
2010-06-30




0000789019
msft:Notes5.2PercentDueJune1st2039Membermsft:SemiAnnualPaymentSecondPaymentMember


2009-07-01
2010-06-30




0000789019
msft:Notes4.2PercentDueJune1st2019Membermsft:SemiAnnualPaymentSecondPaymentMember


2009-07-01
2010-06-30




0000789019
msft:Notes2.95PercentDueJune1st2014Membermsft:SemiAnnualPaymentSecondPaymentMember


2009-07-01
2010-06-30




0000789019
msft:Notes5.2PercentDueJune1st2039Membermsft:SemiAnnualPaymentFirstPaymentMember


2009-07-01
2010-06-30




0000789019
msft:Notes4.2PercentDueJune1st2019Membermsft:SemiAnnualPaymentFirstPaymentMember


2009-07-01
2010-06-30




0000789019
msft:Notes2.95PercentDueJune1st2014Membermsft:SemiAnnualPaymentFirstPaymentMember


2009-07-01
2010-06-30




0000789019
msft:RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficitAndAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxMember


2009-07-01
2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:CommonStockIncludingAdditionalPaidInCapitalMember


2009-07-01
2010-06-30




0000789019
msft:TechnologyBasedIntangibleAssetsMember


2009-07-01
2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:CustomerRelationshipsMember


2009-07-01
2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:ContractualRightsMember


2009-07-01
2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:InterestRateContractMember


2009-07-01
2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:ForeignExchangeContractMember


2009-07-01
2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:CommodityContractMember


2009-07-01
2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:CreditRiskContractMember


2009-07-01
2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:EquityContractMember


2009-07-01
2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:DerivativeFinancialInstrumentsAssetsMember


2009-07-01
2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:EquitySecuritiesMember


2009-07-01
2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:CorporateDebtSecuritiesMember


2009-07-01
2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:FairValueMeasurementsNonrecurringMember


2009-07-01
2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:ForeignExchangeContractMemberus-gaap:DesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentMember


2009-07-01
2010-06-30




0000789019
msft:WindowsAndWindowsLiveMember


2009-07-01
2010-06-30




0000789019
msft:OnlineServicesDivisionMember


2009-07-01
2010-06-30




0000789019
msft:EntertainmentAndDevicesDivisionMember


2009-07-01
2010-06-30




0000789019
msft:MicrosoftBusinessDivisionMember


2009-07-01
2010-06-30




0000789019
msft:ServerAndToolsMember


2009-07-01
2010-06-30




0000789019
msft:UnallocatedAndOtherReportableSegmentMember


2009-07-01
2010-06-30




0000789019
msft:AllOtherMemberus-gaap:MaterialReconcilingItemsMember


2009-07-01
2010-06-30




0000789019
msft:CorporateLevelActivityMemberus-gaap:MaterialReconcilingItemsMember


2009-07-01
2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:SalesRevenueSegmentMemberus-gaap:MaterialReconcilingItemsMember


2009-07-01
2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:StockCompensationPlanMemberus-gaap:MaterialReconcilingItemsMember


2009-07-01
2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:MaterialReconcilingItemsMember


2009-07-01
2010-06-30




0000789019
msft:ExecutiveOfficerIncentivePlanMembermsft:UnvestedStockAwardsMember


2009-07-01
2010-06-30




0000789019
msft:UnvestedStockAwardsMember


2009-07-01
2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:MaximumMembermsft:SharedPerformanceStockAwardsMember


2009-07-01
2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:MinimumMembermsft:SharedPerformanceStockAwardsMember


2009-07-01
2010-06-30




0000789019
msft:SharedPerformanceStockAwardsMember


2009-07-01
2010-06-30




0000789019
msft:ExecutiveOfficerIncentivePlanMemberus-gaap:CashMember


2009-07-01
2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:ComputerEquipmentMember


2009-07-01
2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:FurnitureAndFixturesMember


2009-07-01
2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:BuildingAndBuildingImprovementsMember


2009-07-01
2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:LeaseholdImprovementsMember


2009-07-01
2010-06-30




0000789019


2009-07-01
2010-06-30




0000789019
msft:StockRepurchasePlan2007Member


2008-07-01
2009-06-30




0000789019
msft:OptionsBusinessCombinationsMember


2008-07-01
2009-06-30




0000789019
msft:ExecutiveOfficerIncentivePlanMember


2008-07-01
2009-06-30




0000789019
msft:EmployeeStockPurchasePlanMember


2008-07-01
2009-06-30




0000789019
msft:MicrosoftOfficeSystemMember


2008-07-01
2009-06-30




0000789019
msft:WindowsPCOperatingSystemsMember


2008-07-01
2009-06-30




0000789019
msft:ServerProductsAndToolsMember


2008-07-01
2009-06-30




0000789019
msft:Xbox360PlatformMember


2008-07-01
2009-06-30




0000789019
msft:ConsultingAndProductSupportServicesMember


2008-07-01
2009-06-30




0000789019
msft:OtherProductsAndServicesMember


2008-07-01
2009-06-30




0000789019
msft:AdvertisingMember


2008-07-01
2009-06-30




0000789019
msft:ExecutiveOfficerIncentivePlanMemberus-gaap:MaximumMember


2008-07-01
2009-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:MaximumMember


2008-07-01
2009-06-30




0000789019
msft:ExecutiveOfficerIncentivePlanMemberus-gaap:MinimumMember


2008-07-01
2009-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:MinimumMember


2008-07-01
2009-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsMember


2008-07-01
2009-06-30




0000789019
msft:RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficitAndAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxMember


2008-07-01
2009-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:CommonStockIncludingAdditionalPaidInCapitalMember


2008-07-01
2009-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:InterestRateContractMember


2008-07-01
2009-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:ForeignExchangeContractMember


2008-07-01
2009-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:CommodityContractMember


2008-07-01
2009-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:CreditRiskContractMember


2008-07-01
2009-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:EquityContractMember


2008-07-01
2009-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:ForeignExchangeContractMemberus-gaap:DesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentMember


2008-07-01
2009-06-30




0000789019
msft:WindowsAndWindowsLiveMember


2008-07-01
2009-06-30




0000789019
msft:OnlineServicesDivisionMember


2008-07-01
2009-06-30




0000789019
msft:EntertainmentAndDevicesDivisionMember


2008-07-01
2009-06-30




0000789019
msft:MicrosoftBusinessDivisionMember


2008-07-01
2009-06-30




0000789019
msft:ServerAndToolsMember


2008-07-01
2009-06-30




0000789019
msft:UnallocatedAndOtherReportableSegmentMember


2008-07-01
2009-06-30




0000789019
msft:AllOtherMemberus-gaap:MaterialReconcilingItemsMember


2008-07-01
2009-06-30




0000789019
msft:CorporateLevelActivityMemberus-gaap:MaterialReconcilingItemsMember


2008-07-01
2009-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:SalesRevenueSegmentMemberus-gaap:MaterialReconcilingItemsMember


2008-07-01
2009-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:StockCompensationPlanMemberus-gaap:MaterialReconcilingItemsMember


2008-07-01
2009-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:MaterialReconcilingItemsMember


2008-07-01
2009-06-30




0000789019
msft:ExecutiveOfficerIncentivePlanMembermsft:UnvestedStockAwardsMember


2008-07-01
2009-06-30




0000789019
msft:UnvestedStockAwardsMember


2008-07-01
2009-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:MaximumMembermsft:SharedPerformanceStockAwardsMember


2008-07-01
2009-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:MinimumMembermsft:SharedPerformanceStockAwardsMember


2008-07-01
2009-06-30




0000789019
msft:SharedPerformanceStockAwardsMember


2008-07-01
2009-06-30




0000789019
msft:ExecutiveOfficerIncentivePlanMemberus-gaap:CashMember


2008-07-01
2009-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:ComputerEquipmentMember


2008-07-01
2009-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:FurnitureAndFixturesMember


2008-07-01
2009-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:BuildingAndBuildingImprovementsMember


2008-07-01
2009-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:LeaseholdImprovementsMember


2008-07-01
2009-06-30




0000789019


2008-07-01
2009-06-30




0000789019
msft:I4ILimitedPartnershipMembermsft:PatentAndIntellectualPropertyClaimsMember


2009-07-28
2009-08-31




0000789019
msft:I4ILimitedPartnershipMembermsft:PatentAndIntellectualPropertyClaimsMember


2009-05-01
2009-05-31




0000789019
msft:AntitrustUnfairCompetitionAndOverchargeClassActionsMembercountry:CA


2010-03-01
2010-03-31




0000789019
msft:RevenuePerSearchGuaranteeMember


2009-12-01
2009-12-31




0000789019


2008-08-23
2008-09-22




0000789019
msft:ZeroCouponConvertibleUnsecuredDebtDueJune15th2013Member


2010-06-01
2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:DebtMember


2010-06-01
2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:EquityMember


2010-06-01
2010-06-30




0000789019


2010-06-01
2010-06-30




0000789019
msft:AlcatelLucentMembermsft:PatentAndIntellectualPropertyClaimsMember


2008-06-01
2008-06-30




0000789019
msft:NovellMembermsft:AntitrustLitigationMember


2005-06-01
2005-06-30




0000789019
msft:UnilocUSAIncMembermsft:PatentAndIntellectualPropertyClaimsMember


2009-04-01
2009-04-30




0000789019
msft:AlcatelLucentMembermsft:PatentAndIntellectualPropertyClaimsMember


2008-04-01
2008-04-30




0000789019
msft:AlcatelLucentMembermsft:UserInterfaceMembermsft:PatentAndIntellectualPropertyClaimsMember


2008-04-01
2008-04-30




0000789019
msft:AlcatelLucentMembermsft:VideoMembermsft:PatentAndIntellectualPropertyClaimsMember


2008-04-01
2008-04-30




0000789019
msft:AlcatelLucentMembermsft:PatentInfringementsMembermsft:UserInterfaceMembermsft:PatentAndIntellectualPropertyClaimsMember


2008-04-01
2008-04-30




0000789019


2010-11-01
2010-11-30




0000789019
msft:NovellMembermsft:AntitrustLitigationMember


2004-11-01
2004-11-30




0000789019
msft:MotorolaDefendantMembermsft:PatentAndIntellectualPropertyClaimsMember


2010-11-01
2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:MotorolaPlaintiffMembermsft:PatentAndIntellectualPropertyClaimsMember


2010-11-01
2011-06-30




0000789019


2011-07-20




0000789019
us-gaap:RealEstateMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:CreditRiskAndCounterpartyNettingMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:GrossFairValueMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Member


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member


2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:OptionsBusinessCombinationsMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:EmployeeStockPurchasePlanMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:Notes2.5PercentDueFebruary8th2016Member


2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:Notes4.0PercentDueFebruary8th2021Member


2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:Notes5.3PercentDueFebruary8th2041Member


2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:Notes3.0PercentDueOctober1st2020Member


2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:Notes0.875PercentDueSeptember27th2013Member


2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:Notes4.5PercentDueOctober1st2040Member


2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:Notes1.625PercentDueSeptember25th2015Member


2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:ZeroCouponConvertibleUnsecuredDebtDueJune15th2013Member


2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:Notes5.2PercentDueJune1st2039Member


2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:Notes4.2PercentDueJune1st2019Member


2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:Notes2.95PercentDueJune1st2014Member


2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:MutualFundsMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:USGovernmentAgenciesDebtSecuritiesMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:USStatesAndPoliticalSubdivisionsMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:CommercialPaperMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:CashMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:MortgageBackedSecuritiesMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:ForeignGovernmentDebtSecuritiesMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:EquitySecuritiesMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:OtherDebtSecuritiesMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:CorporateDebtSecuritiesMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:CertificatesOfDepositMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:VolumeLicensingProgramsMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:AllOtherMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:WindowsAndWindowsLiveMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:MicrosoftBusinessDivisionMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:ServerAndToolsMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:AllOtherSegmentsMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficitAndAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:CommonStockIncludingAdditionalPaidInCapitalMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:TechnologyBasedIntangibleAssetsMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:MarketingIntangiblesMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:SoftwareAndSoftwareDevelopmentCostsMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:CustomerRelationshipsMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:ContractualRightsMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:InterestRateContractMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:ForeignExchangeContractMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:CommodityContractMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:CreditRiskContractMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:EquityContractMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:DerivativeFinancialInstrumentsAssetsMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:EquitySecuritiesMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:CorporateDebtSecuritiesMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:CreditRiskAndCounterpartyNettingMembermsft:MutualFundsMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:GrossFairValueMembermsft:MutualFundsMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Membermsft:MutualFundsMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Membermsft:MutualFundsMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Membermsft:MutualFundsMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:MutualFundsMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:CreditRiskAndCounterpartyNettingMemberus-gaap:USGovernmentAgenciesDebtSecuritiesMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:GrossFairValueMemberus-gaap:USGovernmentAgenciesDebtSecuritiesMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Memberus-gaap:USGovernmentAgenciesDebtSecuritiesMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Memberus-gaap:USGovernmentAgenciesDebtSecuritiesMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Memberus-gaap:USGovernmentAgenciesDebtSecuritiesMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:USGovernmentAgenciesDebtSecuritiesMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:CreditRiskAndCounterpartyNettingMemberus-gaap:USStatesAndPoliticalSubdivisionsMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:GrossFairValueMemberus-gaap:USStatesAndPoliticalSubdivisionsMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Memberus-gaap:USStatesAndPoliticalSubdivisionsMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Memberus-gaap:USStatesAndPoliticalSubdivisionsMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Memberus-gaap:USStatesAndPoliticalSubdivisionsMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:USStatesAndPoliticalSubdivisionsMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:CreditRiskAndCounterpartyNettingMemberus-gaap:CommercialPaperMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:GrossFairValueMemberus-gaap:CommercialPaperMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Memberus-gaap:CommercialPaperMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Memberus-gaap:CommercialPaperMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Memberus-gaap:CommercialPaperMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:CommercialPaperMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:CreditRiskAndCounterpartyNettingMemberus-gaap:MortgageBackedSecuritiesMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:GrossFairValueMemberus-gaap:MortgageBackedSecuritiesMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Memberus-gaap:MortgageBackedSecuritiesMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Memberus-gaap:MortgageBackedSecuritiesMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Memberus-gaap:MortgageBackedSecuritiesMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:MortgageBackedSecuritiesMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:CreditRiskAndCounterpartyNettingMemberus-gaap:ForeignGovernmentDebtSecuritiesMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:GrossFairValueMemberus-gaap:ForeignGovernmentDebtSecuritiesMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Memberus-gaap:ForeignGovernmentDebtSecuritiesMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Memberus-gaap:ForeignGovernmentDebtSecuritiesMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Memberus-gaap:ForeignGovernmentDebtSecuritiesMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:ForeignGovernmentDebtSecuritiesMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:CreditRiskAndCounterpartyNettingMemberus-gaap:DerivativeFinancialInstrumentsAssetsMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:GrossFairValueMemberus-gaap:DerivativeFinancialInstrumentsAssetsMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Memberus-gaap:DerivativeFinancialInstrumentsAssetsMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Memberus-gaap:DerivativeFinancialInstrumentsAssetsMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Memberus-gaap:DerivativeFinancialInstrumentsAssetsMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:DerivativeFinancialInstrumentsAssetsMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:CreditRiskAndCounterpartyNettingMemberus-gaap:EquitySecuritiesMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:GrossFairValueMemberus-gaap:EquitySecuritiesMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Memberus-gaap:EquitySecuritiesMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Memberus-gaap:EquitySecuritiesMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Memberus-gaap:EquitySecuritiesMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:EquitySecuritiesMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:CreditRiskAndCounterpartyNettingMemberus-gaap:CorporateDebtSecuritiesMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:GrossFairValueMemberus-gaap:CorporateDebtSecuritiesMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Memberus-gaap:CorporateDebtSecuritiesMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Memberus-gaap:CorporateDebtSecuritiesMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Memberus-gaap:CorporateDebtSecuritiesMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:CorporateDebtSecuritiesMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:CreditRiskAndCounterpartyNettingMemberus-gaap:CertificatesOfDepositMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:GrossFairValueMemberus-gaap:CertificatesOfDepositMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Memberus-gaap:CertificatesOfDepositMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Memberus-gaap:CertificatesOfDepositMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Memberus-gaap:CertificatesOfDepositMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:CertificatesOfDepositMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:FairValueMeasurementsNonrecurringMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:CreditRiskAndCounterpartyNettingMemberus-gaap:FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:GrossFairValueMemberus-gaap:FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Memberus-gaap:FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Memberus-gaap:FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Memberus-gaap:FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:ContingenciesDisclosedInContingenciesNoteMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:MotorolaDefendantMembermsft:PatentAndIntellectualPropertyClaimsMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:MotorolaPlaintiffMembermsft:PatentAndIntellectualPropertyClaimsMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:PendingOrThreatenedLitigationMemberus-gaap:PatentsMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:OtherCurrentLiabilitiesMemberus-gaap:DesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:OtherCurrentAssetsMemberus-gaap:DesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:ShortTermInvestmentsMemberus-gaap:DesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:InterestRateContractMembermsft:OtherCurrentLiabilitiesMemberus-gaap:DesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:InterestRateContractMembermsft:OtherCurrentAssetsMemberus-gaap:DesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:InterestRateContractMemberus-gaap:ShortTermInvestmentsMemberus-gaap:DesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:InterestRateContractMemberus-gaap:DesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:ForeignExchangeContractMembermsft:OtherCurrentLiabilitiesMemberus-gaap:DesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:ForeignExchangeContractMembermsft:OtherCurrentAssetsMemberus-gaap:DesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:ForeignExchangeContractMemberus-gaap:ShortTermInvestmentsMemberus-gaap:DesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:ForeignExchangeContractMemberus-gaap:DesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:CommodityContractMembermsft:OtherCurrentLiabilitiesMemberus-gaap:DesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:CommodityContractMembermsft:OtherCurrentAssetsMemberus-gaap:DesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:CommodityContractMemberus-gaap:ShortTermInvestmentsMemberus-gaap:DesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:CommodityContractMemberus-gaap:DesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:CreditRiskContractMembermsft:OtherCurrentLiabilitiesMemberus-gaap:DesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:CreditRiskContractMembermsft:OtherCurrentAssetsMemberus-gaap:DesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:CreditRiskContractMemberus-gaap:ShortTermInvestmentsMemberus-gaap:DesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:CreditRiskContractMemberus-gaap:DesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:EquityContractMembermsft:OtherCurrentLiabilitiesMemberus-gaap:DesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:EquityContractMembermsft:OtherCurrentAssetsMemberus-gaap:DesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:EquityContractMemberus-gaap:ShortTermInvestmentsMemberus-gaap:DesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:EquityContractMemberus-gaap:DesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:DesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:OtherCurrentLiabilitiesMemberus-gaap:NondesignatedMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:OtherCurrentAssetsMemberus-gaap:NondesignatedMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:ShortTermInvestmentsMemberus-gaap:NondesignatedMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:InterestRateContractMembermsft:OtherCurrentLiabilitiesMemberus-gaap:NondesignatedMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:InterestRateContractMembermsft:OtherCurrentAssetsMemberus-gaap:NondesignatedMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:InterestRateContractMemberus-gaap:ShortTermInvestmentsMemberus-gaap:NondesignatedMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:InterestRateContractMemberus-gaap:NondesignatedMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:ForeignExchangeContractMembermsft:OtherCurrentLiabilitiesMemberus-gaap:NondesignatedMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:ForeignExchangeContractMembermsft:OtherCurrentAssetsMemberus-gaap:NondesignatedMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:ForeignExchangeContractMemberus-gaap:ShortTermInvestmentsMemberus-gaap:NondesignatedMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:ForeignExchangeContractMemberus-gaap:NondesignatedMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:CommodityContractMembermsft:OtherCurrentLiabilitiesMemberus-gaap:NondesignatedMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:CommodityContractMembermsft:OtherCurrentAssetsMemberus-gaap:NondesignatedMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:CommodityContractMemberus-gaap:ShortTermInvestmentsMemberus-gaap:NondesignatedMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:CommodityContractMemberus-gaap:NondesignatedMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:CreditRiskContractMembermsft:OtherCurrentLiabilitiesMemberus-gaap:NondesignatedMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:CreditRiskContractMembermsft:OtherCurrentAssetsMemberus-gaap:NondesignatedMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:CreditRiskContractMemberus-gaap:ShortTermInvestmentsMemberus-gaap:NondesignatedMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:CreditRiskContractMemberus-gaap:NondesignatedMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:EquityContractMembermsft:OtherCurrentLiabilitiesMemberus-gaap:NondesignatedMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:EquityContractMembermsft:OtherCurrentAssetsMemberus-gaap:NondesignatedMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:EquityContractMemberus-gaap:ShortTermInvestmentsMemberus-gaap:NondesignatedMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:EquityContractMemberus-gaap:NondesignatedMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:NondesignatedMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:BuildingBuildingImprovementsAndLeaseholdImprovementsMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:RevenuePerSearchGuaranteeMemberus-gaap:MaximumMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:AntitrustUnfairCompetitionAndOverchargeClassActionsMembercountry:US


2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:CasesStayedMembermsft:AntitrustUnfairCompetitionAndOverchargeClassActionsMembercountry:CA


2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:AntitrustUnfairCompetitionAndOverchargeClassActionsMembercountry:CA


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:USGovernmentAgenciesDebtSecuritiesMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:USStatesAndPoliticalSubdivisionsMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:MortgageBackedSecuritiesMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:ForeignGovernmentDebtSecuritiesMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:EquitySecuritiesMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:CorporateDebtSecuritiesMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:DerivativesPurchasedMemberus-gaap:EquityContractMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:DerivativesPurchasedMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:DerivativesSoldMemberus-gaap:EquityContractMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:DerivativesSoldMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:WindowsAndWindowsLiveMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:OnlineServicesDivisionMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:EntertainmentAndDevicesDivisionMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:MicrosoftBusinessDivisionMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:ServerAndToolsMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:UnvestedStockAwardsMember


2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:SharedPerformanceStockAwardsMember


2011-06-30




0000789019


2011-06-30




0000789019
msft:CreditRiskAndCounterpartyNettingMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
msft:GrossFairValueMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Member


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member


2010-06-30




0000789019
msft:EmployeeStockPurchasePlanMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
msft:ZeroCouponConvertibleUnsecuredDebtDueJune15th2013Member


2010-06-30




0000789019
msft:Notes5.2PercentDueJune1st2039Member


2010-06-30




0000789019
msft:Notes4.2PercentDueJune1st2019Member


2010-06-30




0000789019
msft:Notes2.95PercentDueJune1st2014Member


2010-06-30




0000789019
msft:MutualFundsMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:USGovernmentAgenciesDebtSecuritiesMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:USStatesAndPoliticalSubdivisionsMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:CommercialPaperMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:CashMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:MortgageBackedSecuritiesMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:ForeignGovernmentDebtSecuritiesMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:EquitySecuritiesMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:OtherDebtSecuritiesMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:CorporateDebtSecuritiesMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:CertificatesOfDepositMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
msft:VolumeLicensingProgramsMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
msft:AllOtherMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
msft:WindowsAndWindowsLiveMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
msft:MicrosoftBusinessDivisionMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
msft:ServerAndToolsMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:AllOtherSegmentsMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
msft:RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficitAndAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:CommonStockIncludingAdditionalPaidInCapitalMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
msft:TechnologyBasedIntangibleAssetsMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
msft:MarketingIntangiblesMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:SoftwareAndSoftwareDevelopmentCostsMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:CustomerRelationshipsMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:ContractualRightsMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:InterestRateContractMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:ForeignExchangeContractMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:CommodityContractMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:CreditRiskContractMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:EquityContractMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:DerivativeFinancialInstrumentsAssetsMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:EquitySecuritiesMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:CorporateDebtSecuritiesMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
msft:CreditRiskAndCounterpartyNettingMembermsft:MutualFundsMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
msft:GrossFairValueMembermsft:MutualFundsMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Membermsft:MutualFundsMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Membermsft:MutualFundsMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Membermsft:MutualFundsMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
msft:MutualFundsMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
msft:CreditRiskAndCounterpartyNettingMemberus-gaap:USGovernmentAgenciesDebtSecuritiesMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
msft:GrossFairValueMemberus-gaap:USGovernmentAgenciesDebtSecuritiesMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Memberus-gaap:USGovernmentAgenciesDebtSecuritiesMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Memberus-gaap:USGovernmentAgenciesDebtSecuritiesMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Memberus-gaap:USGovernmentAgenciesDebtSecuritiesMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:USGovernmentAgenciesDebtSecuritiesMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
msft:CreditRiskAndCounterpartyNettingMemberus-gaap:USStatesAndPoliticalSubdivisionsMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
msft:GrossFairValueMemberus-gaap:USStatesAndPoliticalSubdivisionsMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Memberus-gaap:USStatesAndPoliticalSubdivisionsMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Memberus-gaap:USStatesAndPoliticalSubdivisionsMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Memberus-gaap:USStatesAndPoliticalSubdivisionsMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:USStatesAndPoliticalSubdivisionsMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
msft:CreditRiskAndCounterpartyNettingMemberus-gaap:CommercialPaperMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
msft:GrossFairValueMemberus-gaap:CommercialPaperMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Memberus-gaap:CommercialPaperMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Memberus-gaap:CommercialPaperMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Memberus-gaap:CommercialPaperMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:CommercialPaperMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
msft:CreditRiskAndCounterpartyNettingMemberus-gaap:MortgageBackedSecuritiesMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
msft:GrossFairValueMemberus-gaap:MortgageBackedSecuritiesMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Memberus-gaap:MortgageBackedSecuritiesMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Memberus-gaap:MortgageBackedSecuritiesMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Memberus-gaap:MortgageBackedSecuritiesMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:MortgageBackedSecuritiesMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
msft:CreditRiskAndCounterpartyNettingMemberus-gaap:ForeignGovernmentDebtSecuritiesMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
msft:GrossFairValueMemberus-gaap:ForeignGovernmentDebtSecuritiesMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Memberus-gaap:ForeignGovernmentDebtSecuritiesMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Memberus-gaap:ForeignGovernmentDebtSecuritiesMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Memberus-gaap:ForeignGovernmentDebtSecuritiesMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:ForeignGovernmentDebtSecuritiesMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
msft:CreditRiskAndCounterpartyNettingMemberus-gaap:DerivativeFinancialInstrumentsAssetsMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
msft:GrossFairValueMemberus-gaap:DerivativeFinancialInstrumentsAssetsMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Memberus-gaap:DerivativeFinancialInstrumentsAssetsMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Memberus-gaap:DerivativeFinancialInstrumentsAssetsMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Memberus-gaap:DerivativeFinancialInstrumentsAssetsMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:DerivativeFinancialInstrumentsAssetsMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
msft:CreditRiskAndCounterpartyNettingMemberus-gaap:EquitySecuritiesMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
msft:GrossFairValueMemberus-gaap:EquitySecuritiesMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Memberus-gaap:EquitySecuritiesMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Memberus-gaap:EquitySecuritiesMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Memberus-gaap:EquitySecuritiesMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:EquitySecuritiesMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
msft:CreditRiskAndCounterpartyNettingMemberus-gaap:CorporateDebtSecuritiesMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
msft:GrossFairValueMemberus-gaap:CorporateDebtSecuritiesMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Memberus-gaap:CorporateDebtSecuritiesMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Memberus-gaap:CorporateDebtSecuritiesMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Memberus-gaap:CorporateDebtSecuritiesMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:CorporateDebtSecuritiesMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
msft:CreditRiskAndCounterpartyNettingMemberus-gaap:CertificatesOfDepositMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
msft:GrossFairValueMemberus-gaap:CertificatesOfDepositMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Memberus-gaap:CertificatesOfDepositMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Memberus-gaap:CertificatesOfDepositMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Memberus-gaap:CertificatesOfDepositMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:CertificatesOfDepositMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:FairValueMeasurementsNonrecurringMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
msft:CreditRiskAndCounterpartyNettingMemberus-gaap:FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
msft:GrossFairValueMemberus-gaap:FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Memberus-gaap:FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Memberus-gaap:FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Memberus-gaap:FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
msft:OtherCurrentLiabilitiesMemberus-gaap:DesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
msft:OtherCurrentAssetsMemberus-gaap:DesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:ShortTermInvestmentsMemberus-gaap:DesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:InterestRateContractMembermsft:OtherCurrentLiabilitiesMemberus-gaap:DesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:InterestRateContractMembermsft:OtherCurrentAssetsMemberus-gaap:DesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:InterestRateContractMemberus-gaap:ShortTermInvestmentsMemberus-gaap:DesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:InterestRateContractMemberus-gaap:DesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:ForeignExchangeContractMembermsft:OtherCurrentLiabilitiesMemberus-gaap:DesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:ForeignExchangeContractMembermsft:OtherCurrentAssetsMemberus-gaap:DesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:ForeignExchangeContractMemberus-gaap:ShortTermInvestmentsMemberus-gaap:DesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:ForeignExchangeContractMemberus-gaap:DesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:CommodityContractMembermsft:OtherCurrentLiabilitiesMemberus-gaap:DesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:CommodityContractMembermsft:OtherCurrentAssetsMemberus-gaap:DesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:CommodityContractMemberus-gaap:ShortTermInvestmentsMemberus-gaap:DesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:CommodityContractMemberus-gaap:DesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:CreditRiskContractMembermsft:OtherCurrentLiabilitiesMemberus-gaap:DesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:CreditRiskContractMembermsft:OtherCurrentAssetsMemberus-gaap:DesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:CreditRiskContractMemberus-gaap:ShortTermInvestmentsMemberus-gaap:DesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:CreditRiskContractMemberus-gaap:DesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:EquityContractMembermsft:OtherCurrentLiabilitiesMemberus-gaap:DesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:EquityContractMembermsft:OtherCurrentAssetsMemberus-gaap:DesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:EquityContractMemberus-gaap:ShortTermInvestmentsMemberus-gaap:DesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:EquityContractMemberus-gaap:DesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:DesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
msft:OtherCurrentLiabilitiesMemberus-gaap:NondesignatedMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
msft:OtherCurrentAssetsMemberus-gaap:NondesignatedMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:ShortTermInvestmentsMemberus-gaap:NondesignatedMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:InterestRateContractMembermsft:OtherCurrentLiabilitiesMemberus-gaap:NondesignatedMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:InterestRateContractMembermsft:OtherCurrentAssetsMemberus-gaap:NondesignatedMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:InterestRateContractMemberus-gaap:ShortTermInvestmentsMemberus-gaap:NondesignatedMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:InterestRateContractMemberus-gaap:NondesignatedMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:ForeignExchangeContractMembermsft:OtherCurrentLiabilitiesMemberus-gaap:NondesignatedMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:ForeignExchangeContractMembermsft:OtherCurrentAssetsMemberus-gaap:NondesignatedMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:ForeignExchangeContractMemberus-gaap:ShortTermInvestmentsMemberus-gaap:NondesignatedMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:ForeignExchangeContractMemberus-gaap:NondesignatedMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:CommodityContractMembermsft:OtherCurrentLiabilitiesMemberus-gaap:NondesignatedMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:CommodityContractMembermsft:OtherCurrentAssetsMemberus-gaap:NondesignatedMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:CommodityContractMemberus-gaap:ShortTermInvestmentsMemberus-gaap:NondesignatedMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:CommodityContractMemberus-gaap:NondesignatedMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:CreditRiskContractMembermsft:OtherCurrentLiabilitiesMemberus-gaap:NondesignatedMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:CreditRiskContractMembermsft:OtherCurrentAssetsMemberus-gaap:NondesignatedMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:CreditRiskContractMemberus-gaap:ShortTermInvestmentsMemberus-gaap:NondesignatedMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:CreditRiskContractMemberus-gaap:NondesignatedMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:EquityContractMembermsft:OtherCurrentLiabilitiesMemberus-gaap:NondesignatedMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:EquityContractMembermsft:OtherCurrentAssetsMemberus-gaap:NondesignatedMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:EquityContractMemberus-gaap:ShortTermInvestmentsMemberus-gaap:NondesignatedMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:EquityContractMemberus-gaap:NondesignatedMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:NondesignatedMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:PurchasedCallOptionMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:USGovernmentAgenciesDebtSecuritiesMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:USStatesAndPoliticalSubdivisionsMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:MortgageBackedSecuritiesMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:EquitySecuritiesMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:CorporateDebtSecuritiesMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
msft:DerivativesPurchasedMemberus-gaap:EquityContractMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
msft:DerivativesPurchasedMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
msft:DerivativesSoldMemberus-gaap:EquityContractMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
msft:DerivativesSoldMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
msft:WindowsAndWindowsLiveMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
msft:OnlineServicesDivisionMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
msft:EntertainmentAndDevicesDivisionMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
msft:MicrosoftBusinessDivisionMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
msft:ServerAndToolsMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
msft:UnvestedStockAwardsMember


2010-06-30




0000789019
msft:SharedPerformanceStockAwardsMember


2010-06-30




0000789019


2010-06-30




0000789019
msft:EmployeeStockPurchasePlanMember


2009-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsMember


2009-06-30




0000789019
msft:RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficitAndAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxMember


2009-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:CommonStockIncludingAdditionalPaidInCapitalMember


2009-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:DerivativeFinancialInstrumentsAssetsMember


2009-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:EquitySecuritiesMember


2009-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:CorporateDebtSecuritiesMember


2009-06-30




0000789019
msft:WindowsAndWindowsLiveMember


2009-06-30




0000789019
msft:OnlineServicesDivisionMember


2009-06-30




0000789019
msft:EntertainmentAndDevicesDivisionMember


2009-06-30




0000789019
msft:MicrosoftBusinessDivisionMember


2009-06-30




0000789019
msft:ServerAndToolsMember


2009-06-30




0000789019


2009-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsMember


2008-06-30




0000789019
msft:RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficitAndAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxMember


2008-06-30




0000789019
us-gaap:CommonStockIncludingAdditionalPaidInCapitalMember


2008-06-30




0000789019


2008-06-30




0000789019


2010-12-31




0000789019
msft:AlcatelLucentMembermsft:PatentAndIntellectualPropertyClaimsMember


2008-12-31




0000789019


2010-11-30




0000789019


2011-05-10




0000789019
msft:MotorolaDefendantMembermsft:PatentAndIntellectualPropertyClaimsMember


2010-10-31



msft:LegalMatter


iso4217:USD


shares


pure




iso4217:USD


shares




msft:Entity


msft:Year




iso4217:USD


msft:Contract



























































These amounts represent the impact of netting derivative assets and derivative liabilities when a legally enforceable master netting agreement exists and fair value adjustments related to our own credit risk and counterparty credit risk.
Technology-based intangible assets included $179 million and $249 million as of June 30, 2011 and 2010, respectively, of net carrying amount of software to be sold, leased, or otherwise marketed.
Corporate-level activity excludes stock-based compensation expense and revenue reconciling amounts presented separately in those line items.
Includes a partial settlement of an I.R.S. audit of tax years 2004 to 2006, which increased net income by $461 million.
All shares repurchased in fiscal years 2011 and 2010 were repurchased under the plan approved by our Board of Directors on September 22, 2008.
Of the 318 million shares of common stock repurchased in fiscal year 2009, 101 million shares were repurchased for $2.7 billion under the plan approved by our Board of Directors during the first quarter of fiscal year 2007. The remaining shares were repurchased under the plan approved by our Board of Directors on September 22, 2008.
Includes shipments to customers in the U.S. and licensing to certain OEMs and multinational organizations.
Reflects an effective tax rate of 7% due mainly to the adjustment of our previously estimated effective tax rate for the year to reflect the actual full year mix of foreign and U.S. taxable income. In addition, upon completion of our annual domestic and foreign tax returns, we adjusted the estimated tax provision to reflect the tax returns filed and recorded an income tax benefit which lowered our effective tax rate.
Reflects $1.7 billion of revenue recognized for sales of Windows Vista with a guarantee to be upgraded to Windows 7 at minimal or no cost and of Windows 7 to original equipment manufacturers and retailers before general availability (the "Windows 7 Deferral").
Reflects $1.5 billion of revenue deferred to future periods relating to the Windows 7 Deferral.





























































EX-101.SCH
11
msft-20110630.xsd
XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA












1001 - Document - Document and Entity Information
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1003 - Statement - INCOME STATEMENTS
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1004 - Statement - BALANCE SHEETS
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1005 - Statement - BALANCE SHEETS (Parenthetical)
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1006 - Statement - CASH FLOWS STATEMENTS
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1007 - Statement - STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY STATEMENTS
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1008 - Disclosure - ACCOUNTING POLICIES
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1009 - Disclosure - EARNINGS PER SHARE
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1010 - Disclosure - OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE)
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1011 - Disclosure - INVESTMENTS
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1012 - Disclosure - DERIVATIVES
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1013 - Disclosure - FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1014 - Disclosure - INVENTORIES
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1015 - Disclosure - PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1016 - Disclosure - BUSINESS COMBINATIONS
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1017 - Disclosure - GOODWILL
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1018 - Disclosure - INTANGIBLE ASSETS
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1019 - Disclosure - DEBT
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1020 - Disclosure - INCOME TAXES
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1021 - Disclosure - UNEARNED REVENUE
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1022 - Disclosure - OTHER LONG-TERM LIABILITIES
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1023 - Disclosure - COMMITMENTS AND GUARANTEES
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1024 - Disclosure - CONTINGENCIES
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1025 - Disclosure - STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1026 - Disclosure - OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1027 - Disclosure - EMPLOYEE STOCK AND SAVINGS PLANS
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1028 - Disclosure - SEGMENT INFORMATION AND GEOGRAPHIC DATA
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1029 - Disclosure - QUARTERLY INFORMATION (Unaudited)
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1030 - Disclosure - ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Policies)
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1031 - Disclosure - ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Tables)
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1032 - Disclosure - EARNINGS PER SHARE (Tables)
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1033 - Disclosure - OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE) (Tables)
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1034 - Disclosure - INVESTMENTS (Tables)
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1035 - Disclosure - DERIVATIVES (Tables)
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1036 - Disclosure - FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS (Tables)
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1037 - Disclosure - INVENTORIES (Tables)
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1038 - Disclosure - PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT (Tables)
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1039 - Disclosure - GOODWILL (Tables)
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1040 - Disclosure - INTANGIBLE ASSETS (Tables)
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1041 - Disclosure - DEBT (Tables)
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1042 - Disclosure - INCOME TAXES (Tables)
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1043 - Disclosure - UNEARNED REVENUE (Tables)
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1044 - Disclosure - OTHER LONG-TERM LIABILITIES (Tables)
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1045 - Disclosure - COMMITMENTS AND GUARANTEES (Tables)
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1046 - Disclosure - STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (Tables)
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1047 - Disclosure - OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (Tables)
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1048 - Disclosure - EMPLOYEE STOCK AND SAVINGS PLANS (Tables)
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1049 - Disclosure - SEGMENT INFORMATION AND GEOGRAPHIC DATA (Tables)
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1050 - Disclosure - QUARTERLY INFORMATION (Unaudited) (Tables)
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1051 - Disclosure - Accounting Policies - Additional Information (Detail)
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1052 - Disclosure - Allowance for Doubtful Accounts (Detail)
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1053 - Disclosure - Basic and Diluted Earnings Per Share (Detail)
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1054 - Disclosure - Shares Excluded from Computation of Diluted Earnings Per Share (Detail)
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1055 - Disclosure - Earnings Per Share - Additional Information (Detail)
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1056 - Disclosure - Components of Other Income (Expense) (Detail)
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1057 - Disclosure - Net Recognized Gains (Losses) on Investments (Detail)
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1058 - Disclosure - Investment Components, Including Associated Derivatives (Detail)
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1059 - Disclosure - Unrealized Loss Position Investments (Detail)
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1060 - Disclosure - Investments - Additional Information (Detail)
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1061 - Disclosure - Debt Investment Maturities (Detail)
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1062 - Disclosure - Derivatives - Additional Information (Detail)
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1063 - Disclosure - Fair Values of Derivative Instruments (Detail)
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1064 - Disclosure - Gains (Losses) on Fair Value Hedges and Related Hedged Items (Detail)
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1065 - Disclosure - Gains (Losses) Related to Cash Flow Hedges (Detail)
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1066 - Disclosure - Gains (Losses) Related to Cash Flow Hedges (Parenthetical) (Detail)
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1067 - Disclosure - Non-Designated Derivative Gains (Losses) (Detail)
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1068 - Disclosure - Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis (Detail)
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1069 - Disclosure - Reconciliation of Total Assets Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis to the Balance Sheet Presentation (Detail)
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1070 - Disclosure - Changes in Financial Instruments Measured at Level 3 Fair Value on a Recurring Basis (Detail)
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1071 - Disclosure - Fair Value Measurements - Additional Information (Detail)
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1072 - Disclosure - Components of Inventories (Detail)
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1073 - Disclosure - Components of Property and Equipment (Detail)
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1074 - Disclosure - Property and Equipment - Additional Information (Detail)
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1075 - Disclosure - Business Combinations - Additional Information (Detail)
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1076 - Disclosure - Carrying Amount of Goodwill (Detail)
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1077 - Disclosure - Goodwill - Additional Information (Detail)
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1078 - Disclosure - Finite-Lived Intangible Assets (Detail)
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1079 - Disclosure - Finite-Lived Intangible Assets (Parenthetical) (Detail)
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1080 - Disclosure - Intangible Assets Acquired (Detail)
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1081 - Disclosure - Intangible Assets - Additional Information (Detail)
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1082 - Disclosure - Estimated Future Amortization Expense Related to Intangible Assets (Detail)
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1083 - Disclosure - Debt - Additional Information (Detail)
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1084 - Disclosure - Maturities of Long-term Debt (Detail)
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1085 - Disclosure - Long-term Debt (Detail)
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1086 - Disclosure - Provision for Income Taxes (Detail)
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1087 - Disclosure - Income Before Income Taxes (Detail)
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1088 - Disclosure - Difference Between Income Taxes Computed at the Federal Statutory Rate and the Provision for Income Taxes (Detail)
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1089 - Disclosure - Deferred Income Tax Assets and Liabilities (Detail)
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1090 - Disclosure - Income Taxes - Additional Information (Detail)
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1091 - Disclosure - Changes in Unrecognized Tax Benefits (Detail)
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1092 - Disclosure - Components of Unearned Revenue (Detail)
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1093 - Disclosure - Unearned Revenue by Segment (Detail)
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1094 - Disclosure - Other Long-Term Liabilities (Detail)
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1095 - Disclosure - Commitments And Guarantees - Additional Information (Detail)
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1096 - Disclosure - Future Minimum Rental Commitments Under Noncancellable Operating Leases (Detail)
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1097 - Disclosure - Product Warranty Liabilities (Detail)
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1098 - Disclosure - Contingencies - Additional Information (Detail)
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1099 - Disclosure - Shares of Common Stock Outstanding (Detail)
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1100 - Disclosure - Stockholders' Equity - Additional Information (Detail)
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1101 - Disclosure - Share Repurchases (Detail)
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1102 - Disclosure - Share Repurchases (Parenthetical) (Detail)
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1103 - Disclosure - Dividends Declared (Detail)
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1104 - Disclosure - Other Comprehensive Income and Related Income Tax Effects (Detail)
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1105 - Disclosure - Other Comprehensive Income and Related Income Tax Effects (Parenthetical) (Detail)
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1106 - Disclosure - Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Detail)
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1107 - Disclosure - Employee Stock and Savings Plans - Additional Information (Detail)
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1108 - Disclosure - Stock-Based Compensation Expense and Related Income Tax Benefits (Detail)
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1109 - Disclosure - Assumptions Used in Estimating the Fair Value of Award Grants (Detail)
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1110 - Disclosure - Stock Plan Activity (Detail)
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1111 - Disclosure - Share Based Compensation Plans Total Activity (Detail)
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1112 - Disclosure - Employee Stock Options Outstanding (Detail)
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1113 - Disclosure - Stock Option Exercise Activity (Detail)
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1114 - Disclosure - Employee Purchased Shares (Detail)
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1115 - Disclosure - Segment Information and Geographic Data - Additional Information (Detail)
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1116 - Disclosure - Segment Revenue and Operating Income (Loss) (Detail)
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1117 - Disclosure - Significant Reconciling Items (Detail)
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1118 - Disclosure - Revenue Classified by Major Geographic Areas (Detail)
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1119 - Disclosure - Revenue Classified By Significant Product And Service Offerings (Detail)
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1120 - Disclosure - Long-Lived Assets, Excluding Financial Instruments and Deferred Taxes, Classified by the Location of the Controlling Statutory Company (Detail)
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1121 - Disclosure - Quarterly Information (Unaudited) (Detail)
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink


1122 - Disclosure - Quarterly Information (Unaudited) (Parenthetical) (Detail)
link:calculationLink
link:presentationLink
link:definitionLink




































































































































































































































































































































EX-101.CAL
12
msft-20110630_cal.xml
XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE






































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































EX-101.DEF
13
msft-20110630_def.xml
XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE







































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































EX-101.LAB
14
msft-20110630_lab.xml
XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE













Accounts Payable, Current
Accounts payable


Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of $333 and $375


Accrued Income Taxes, Current
Income taxes


Tax contingencies and other tax liabilities


Property and equipment, accumulated depreciation
Accumulated depreciation


Net unrealized gains on investments


Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Cumulative Changes in Net Gain (Loss) from Cash Flow Hedges, Effect Net of Tax
Net unrealized gains (losses) on derivatives


Translation adjustments and other


Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) [Line Items]
Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) [Line Items]


Retained deficit, accumulated other comprehensive income
Accumulated other comprehensive income


Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) [Table]
Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) [Table]


Amount


Acquired Finite-Lived Intangible Assets [Line Items]


Weighted Average Life (years)


An additional percentage of the target award pool that may be granted based on individual performance.
Additional percentage of the target award pool that may be granted based on individual performance


Adjustments to Additional Paid in Capital, Share-based Compensation, Requisite Service Period Recognition
Stock-based compensation expense


Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash from operations:


Stock-based compensation income tax deficiencies


Advertising expense


Advertising
Advertising


The date of entry for the associated agreement.
Agreement entry date


Alcatel Lucent
Alcatel-Lucent


Allocated Share-based Compensation Expense
Stock-based compensation expense


All Other
Other


Other segments


Allowance for doubtful accounts


Disclosure of how an entity determines the level of its allowance for doubtful accounts for its trade and other accounts receivable balances, and when impairments, charge-offs or recoveries are recognized. The description identifies the factors that influence management's establishment of the level of the allowance (for example, historical losses and existing economic conditions) and may also include discussion of the risk elements relevant to particular categories of receivables.
Allowance For Doubtful Accounts [Policy Text Block]
Allowance for Doubtful Accounts


Accounts receivable, allowance for doubtful accounts


The entity's schedule of allowance for doubtful accounts including beginning and ending balances, as well as a reconciliation by type of activity during the period.
Allowance for Doubtful Accounts
Allowance for Doubtful Accounts


Amendment Flag


Shares excluded from calculations of diluted EPS


Antidilutive Securities Excluded from Computation of Earnings Per Share [Line Items]


Antitrust Litigation
Other Antitrust Litigation and Claims


Antitrust, Unfair Competition, And Overcharge Class Actions
Antitrust, Unfair Competition, And Overcharge Class Actions


Description of a business combination (or series of individually immaterial business combinations) and/or sales of a business or segment completed during the period.
BUSINESS COMBINATIONS


Total assets
Total assets


Assets [Abstract]
Assets


Total current assets
Total current assets


Current assets:


Common and preferred stock required to be measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis


Net fair value of assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis
Assets


Recorded basis of investment components
Recorded Basis


Available-for-sale Securities, Amortized Cost Basis
Cost Basis


12 Months or Greater - Unrealized Losses
12 Months or Greater - Unrealized Losses


Total Unrealized Losses
Total Unrealized Losses


Total Fair Value
Total Fair Value


Less than 12 Months - Unrealized Losses
Less than 12 Months - Unrealized Losses


Less than 12 Months - Fair Value


12 Months or Greater - Fair Value


Short-term investments (including securities loaned of $1,181 and $62)
Short-term Investments


Available-for-sale Securities, Debt Maturities, after Five Through Ten Years, Amortized Cost Basis
Due after five years through 10 years


Available-for-sale Securities, Debt Maturities, after Five Through Ten Years, Fair Value
Due after five years through 10 years


Available-for-sale Securities, Debt Maturities, after One Through Five Years, Amortized Cost Basis
Due after one year through five years


Available-for-sale Securities, Debt Maturities, after One Through Five Years, Fair Value
Due after one year through five years


Available-for-sale Securities, Debt Maturities, after Ten Years, Amortized Cost Basis
Due after 10 years


Available-for-sale Securities, Debt Maturities, after Ten Years, Fair Value
Due after 10 years


Available-for-sale Securities, Debt Maturities, Amortized Cost Basis
Total


Available-for-sale Securities, Debt Maturities, Amortized Cost Basis [Abstract]
Cost Basis


Estimated Fair Value


Available-for-sale Securities, Debt Maturities, within One Year, Amortized Cost Basis
Due in one year or less


Available-for-sale Securities, Debt Maturities, within One Year, Fair Value
Due in one year or less


Available-for-sale Securities, Debt Securities
Total


Realized gains from sales of available-for-sale securities


Realized losses from sales of available-for-sale securities
Realized losses from sales of available-for-sale securities


Unrealized Gains


Unrealized Losses
Unrealized Losses


Balance Sheet Location [Domain]


The entire disclosure for the basis of accounting, or basis of presentation, used to prepare the financial statements (for example, US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting, IFRS)
Accounting Principles


Buildings and Improvements


Building, Building Improvements and Leasehold Improvements
Building, Building Improvements and Leasehold Improvements


Buildings and Improvements, Gross
Buildings and improvements


The amount expected to be paid to acquire an entity through a business combination that has been announced but not yet completed.
Agreed purchase price for future business acquisition


Business acquisitions, total consideration


Business Acquisition [Line Items]


Amounts of goodwill deductible for tax purposes


The number of entities sold during the period.
Number of entities sold


Canada


Amortization of capitalized software


Capital Unit [Line Items]


Cases Stayed
Cases Stayed


Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents, end of period
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period


Cash and Cash Equivalents, Fair Value Disclosure
Cash


Net change in cash and cash equivalents
Net change in cash and cash equivalents


The maximum percentage of an employee's salary that they may contribute to the savings plan.
Percentage of salary participating U.S. employees may contribute to the savings plan


INVESTMENTS


Total cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments
Total cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments


Cash flow hedging


Cash


Certain Long-Lived Assets by Geography [Line Items]
Certain Long-Lived Assets by Geography [Line Items]


Certain Long-Lived Assets by Geography [Table]
Certain Long-Lived Assets by Geography [Table]


Certificates of deposit


Change in Unrealized Gain (Loss) on Fair Value Hedging Instruments
Derivatives


Hedged items
Hedged items


Commercial paper


Commercial papers
Commercial paper


Commitments and contingencies


Commitments and Contingencies Disclosure [Line Items]
Commitments and Contingencies Disclosure [Line Items]


Commitments and Contingencies Disclosure [Table]
Commitments and Contingencies Disclosure [Table]


Disclosure of significant arrangements with third parties and guarantee obligations.
COMMITMENTS AND GUARANTEES


Committed for construction of new buildings, building improvements and leasehold improvements


Commodity Contracts


Cash dividends declared per common share
Dividend Per Share


Common stock and paid-in capital - shares authorized 24,000; outstanding 8,376 and 8,668


Common stock and paid-in capital


Common stock, shares authorized


Common stock, outstanding
Balance, end of year
Balance, beginning of year


Schedule of activity of shares of common stock outstanding.
Shares of Common Stock Outstanding


Compensation Related Costs Share Based Payments Disclosure [Line Items]
Compensation Related Costs Share Based Payments Disclosure [Line Items]


Compensation Related Costs Share Based Payments Disclosure [Table]
Compensation Related Costs Share Based Payments Disclosure [Table]


Component of Other Income, Nonoperating [Line Items]


Component of Other Income, Nonoperating [Table]


Comprehensive Income (Loss) [Line Items]
Comprehensive Income (Loss) [Line Items]


Comprehensive Income (Loss) [Table]
Comprehensive Income (Loss) [Table]


Comprehensive income
Comprehensive income


OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME


Computer Equipment


Computer hardware and software.
Computer equipment and software


Sales to an individual customer


Principles of Consolidation


Consulting and product support services
Consulting and product support services


Contingencies Disclosed in Contingencies Note
Contingencies Disclosed in Contingencies Note


The term of the contract.
Term of Yahoo! agreement


Description of the term of the contract termination provisions.
Yahoo! agreement becoming subject to termination provisions


Contract-based


Number of stock options obtained through acquisitions of businesses.
Granted stock options in conjunction with business acquisitions


Convertible debt


Net carrying amount of our convertible debt


Corporate notes and bonds


Corporate Level Activity
Corporate-level activity


Cost of revenue


Cost of Sales, Policy [Policy Text Block]
Cost of Revenue


Total operating expenses
Total operating expenses


Operating expenses:


Employee Severance


Credit Risk and Counterparty Netting
Netting


Credit Contracts


U.S. federal


Current Fiscal Year End Date


Current Foreign Tax Expense (Benefit)
International


Current Income Tax Expense (Benefit)
Current taxes


Current Taxes


U.S. state and local


Customer-related


Damages assessed against us through legal action, potentially comprising or including related interest.
Damages assessed


Debt Disclosure [Line Items]
Debt Disclosure [Line Items]


Debt Disclosure [Table]
Debt Disclosure [Table]


Debt Disclosure
DEBT


Debt Instrument


Issued convertible unsecured debt
Principal amount of outstanding long-term debt


The date on which the terms of the potential conversion of the notes change.
Terms of conversion change date


The principal amount of each convertible note.
Principal amount of each convertible note


Conversion price per share of convertible notes


The number of shares of Microsoft common stock into which each convertible note may be converted.
Conversion shares of Microsoft common stock of convertible notes


Long-term unsecured debt rating


Debt Instrument, Face Amount
Total


Effective Interest Rate


The date on which periodic interest payments are due.
Interest Pay Date


Stated Interest Rate


Debt Instrument [Line Items]


Debt instrument maturity date
Debt maturity date


Debt Instrument, Name [Domain]


Schedule of Long-term Debt Instruments [Table]


Unamortized discount
Total unamortized discount


Debt


Deferred Income Taxes and Tax Credits
Deferred taxes


Deferred Income Taxes and Tax Credits [Abstract]
Deferred Taxes


Deferred Income Tax Expense (Benefit)
Deferred income taxes


Deferred Revenue
Unearned revenue


Deferred Revenue Arrangement, by Type [Table]


Deferred Revenue Arrangement [Line Items]


Deferred Revenue Arrangement Type


Deferred Revenue Arrangement Type [Domain]


Components of Unearned Revenue


Table of deferred revenue by reportable segment.
Unearned Revenue by Segment


Short-term unearned revenue


Deferred Revenue Disclosure
UNEARNED REVENUE


Long-term unearned revenue


Recognition of unearned revenue


Deferred Tax Assets, Deferred Income
Unearned revenue


Net deferred income tax assets
Net deferred income tax assets


Reported As


Current deferred income tax assets


Long-term deferred income tax liabilities


Deferred Tax Assets, Net
Deferred income tax assets


Deferred Income Tax Assets


Deferred Tax Assets, Net, Current
Deferred income taxes


Other revenue items


Deferred Tax Assets, Tax Deferred Expense, Compensation and Benefits, Share-based Compensation Cost
Stock-based compensation expense


Other expense items


Impaired investments


Deferred Tax Liabilities
Deferred income tax liabilities


Deferred Income Tax Liabilities


Deferred Tax Liabilities, Noncurrent
Deferred income taxes


Deferred Tax Liabilities, Other
Other


Unrealized gain on investments
Unrealized gain on investments


International earnings
International earnings


Unrecognized tax liablility on temporary differences resulting from earnings for certain non-U.S. subsidiaries which are permanently reinvested outside the United States


Temporary differences resulting from earnings for certain non-U.S. subsidiaries which are permanently reinvested outside the United States


The maximum percentage of an employee's earnings that the company may contribute to the savings plan.
Percentage of employee's earnings the company may contribute to the savings plan


Matching contributions for all employee savings plans


Deposits Received for Securities Loaned, at Carrying Value
Securities lending payable


Depreciation expense


The aggregate net amount of depreciation, amortization, and accretion recognized during an accounting period, and other operating transactions that are not included elsewhere in the statement of cash flows.
Depreciation, amortization, and other


Derivative Assets [Abstract]
Assets


Derivative, by Nature


Derivative Contract Type [Domain]


Derivative asset
Derivatives


Derivative Liability, Fair Value, Gross Liability
Derivatives


Derivative assets


Derivative Instrument Risk


Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities Disclosure [Line Items]
Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities Disclosure [Line Items]


Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities Disclosure [Table]
Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities Disclosure [Table]


DERIVATIVES


Derivative Instruments, Gain (Loss) by Hedging Relationship


Derivative Instruments, Gain (Loss) by Hedging Relationship, by Income Statement Location, by Derivative Instrument Risk [Table]


Derivative Instruments, Gain (Loss) [Line Items]


Loss recognized in other income (expense)


Amount Excluded from Effectiveness Assessment and Ineffective Portion


Changes in fair value of derivatives not designated as hedges


Derivative Liabilities [Abstract]
Liabilities


Derivative, Name [Domain]


Derivatives, Fair Value, by Balance Sheet Location


Derivatives, Fair Value [Line Items]


The fair value of derivative instruments included within other current assets on our statement of financial position, presented on a net basis when the derivative instrument is subject to master netting arrangements and qualifies for net presentation in the statement of financial position.
Less derivative assets classified as other current assets
Less derivative assets classified as other current assets


Derivatives Purchased
Derivatives Purchased


Derivatives Sold
Derivatives Sold


The disclosures related to a new accounting pronouncement that has been issued but not yet adopted.
Recent accounting pronouncements not yet adopted


Designated hedge derivatives


Disclosure - Accounting Policies - Additional Information [Abstract]
Disclosure - Accounting Policies - Additional Information [Abstract]


Disclosure - Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income [Abstract]
Disclosure - Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income [Abstract]


Disclosure - Allowance for Doubtful Accounts [Abstract]
Disclosure - Allowance for Doubtful Accounts [Abstract]


Disclosure - Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis [Abstract]
Disclosure - Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis [Abstract]


Disclosure - Assumptions Used in Estimating the Fair Value of Award Grants [Abstract]
Disclosure - Assumptions Used in Estimating the Fair Value of Award Grants [Abstract]


Disclosure - Basic and Diluted Earnings Per Share [Abstract]
Disclosure - Basic and Diluted Earnings Per Share [Abstract]


Disclosure - Business Combinations - Additional Information [Abstract]
Disclosure - Business Combinations - Additional Information [Abstract]


Disclosure - Carrying Amount of Goodwill [Abstract]
Disclosure - Carrying Amount of Goodwill [Abstract]


Disclosure - Changes in Financial Instruments Measured at Level 3 Fair Value on a Recurring Basis [Abstract]
Disclosure - Changes in Financial Instruments Measured at Level 3 Fair Value on a Recurring Basis [Abstract]


Disclosure - Changes in Unrecognized Tax Benefits [Abstract]
Disclosure - Changes in Unrecognized Tax Benefits [Abstract]


Disclosure - Commitments And Guarantees - Additional Information [Abstract]
Disclosure - Commitments And Guarantees - Additional Information [Abstract]


Disclosure - Components of Inventories [Abstract]
Disclosure - Components of Inventories [Abstract]


Disclosure - Components of Other Income (Expense) [Abstract]
Disclosure - Components of Other Income (Expense) [Abstract]


Disclosure - Components of Property and Equipment [Abstract]
Disclosure - Components of Property and Equipment [Abstract]


Disclosure - Components of Unearned Revenue [Abstract]
Disclosure - Components of Unearned Revenue [Abstract]


Disclosure - Contingencies - Additional Information [Abstract]
Disclosure - Contingencies - Additional Information [Abstract]


Disclosure - Debt - Additional Information [Abstract]
Disclosure - Debt - Additional Information [Abstract]


Disclosure - Debt Investment Maturities [Abstract]
Disclosure - Debt Investment Maturities [Abstract]


Disclosure - Deferred Income Tax Assets and Liabilities [Abstract]
Disclosure - Deferred Income Tax Assets and Liabilities [Abstract]


Disclosure - Derivatives - Additional Information [Abstract]
Disclosure - Derivatives - Additional Information [Abstract]


Disclosure - Difference Between Income Taxes Computed at the Federal Statutory Rate and the Provision for Income Taxes [Abstract]
Disclosure - Difference Between Income Taxes Computed at the Federal Statutory Rate and the Provision for Income Taxes [Abstract]


Disclosure - Dividends Declared [Abstract]
Disclosure - Dividends Declared [Abstract]


Disclosure - Earnings Per Share - Additional Information [Abstract]
Disclosure - Earnings Per Share - Additional Information [Abstract]


Disclosure - Employee Purchased Shares [Abstract]
Disclosure - Employee Purchased Shares [Abstract]


Disclosure - Employee Stock and Savings Plans - Additional Information [Abstract]
Disclosure - Employee Stock and Savings Plans - Additional Information [Abstract]


Description of the company's award plans under which share-based compensation is awarded to employees and the company's employee savings plan, as well as activity under these plans.
EMPLOYEE STOCK AND SAVINGS PLANS


Disclosure - Employee Stock Options Outstanding [Abstract]
Disclosure - Employee Stock Options Outstanding [Abstract]


Disclosure - Estimated Future Amortization Expense Related to Intangible Assets [Abstract]
Disclosure - Estimated Future Amortization Expense Related to Intangible Assets [Abstract]


Disclosure - Fair Value Measurements - Additional Information [Abstract]
Disclosure - Fair Value Measurements - Additional Information [Abstract]


Disclosure - Fair Values of Derivative Instruments [Abstract]
Disclosure - Fair Values of Derivative Instruments [Abstract]


Disclosure - Finite-Lived Intangible Assets [Abstract]
Disclosure - Finite-Lived Intangible Assets [Abstract]


Disclosure - Future Minimum Rental Commitments Under Noncancellable Operating Leases [Abstract]
Disclosure - Future Minimum Rental Commitments Under Noncancellable Operating Leases [Abstract]


Disclosure - Gains (Losses) on Fair Value Hedges and Related Hedged Items [Abstract]
Disclosure - Gains (Losses) on Fair Value Hedges and Related Hedged Items [Abstract]


Disclosure - Gains (Losses) Related to Cash Flow Hedges [Abstract]
Disclosure - Gains (Losses) Related to Cash Flow Hedges [Abstract]


Disclosure - Goodwill - Additional Information [Abstract]
Disclosure - Goodwill - Additional Information [Abstract]


Disclosure - Income Before Income Taxes [Abstract]
Disclosure - Income Before Income Taxes [Abstract]


Disclosure - Income Taxes - Additional Information [Abstract]
Disclosure - Income Taxes - Additional Information [Abstract]


Disclosure - Intangible Assets Acquired [Abstract]
Disclosure - Intangible Assets Acquired [Abstract]


Disclosure - Intangible Assets - Additional Information [Abstract]
Disclosure - Intangible Assets - Additional Information [Abstract]


Disclosure - Investment Components, Including Associated Derivatives [Abstract]
Disclosure - Investment Components, Including Associated Derivatives [Abstract]


Disclosure - Investments - Additional Information [Abstract]
Disclosure - Investments - Additional Information [Abstract]


Disclosure - Long-Lived Assets, Excluding Financial Instruments and Deferred Taxes, Classified by the Location of the Controlling Statutory Company [Abstract]
Disclosure - Long-Lived Assets, Excluding Financial Instruments and Deferred Taxes, Classified by the Location of the Controlling Statutory Company [Abstract]


Disclosure - Long-term Debt [Abstract]
Disclosure - Long-term Debt [Abstract]


Disclosure - Maturities of Long-term Debt [Abstract]
Disclosure - Maturities of Long-term Debt [Abstract]


Disclosure - Net Recognized Gains (Losses) on Investments [Abstract]
Disclosure - Net Recognized Gains (Losses) on Investments [Abstract]


Disclosure - Non-Designated Derivative Gains (Losses) [Abstract]
Disclosure - Non-Designated Derivative Gains (Losses) [Abstract]


Stock Plan Activity


Disclosure - Other Comprehensive Income and Related Income Tax Effects [Abstract]
Disclosure - Other Comprehensive Income and Related Income Tax Effects [Abstract]


Disclosure - Other Long-Term Liabilities [Abstract]
Disclosure - Other Long-Term Liabilities [Abstract]


Disclosure - Product Warranty Liabilities [Abstract]
Disclosure - Product Warranty Liabilities [Abstract]


Disclosure - Property and Equipment - Additional Information [Abstract]
Disclosure - Property and Equipment - Additional Information [Abstract]


Disclosure - Provision for Income Taxes [Abstract]
Disclosure - Provision for Income Taxes [Abstract]


Disclosure - Quarterly Information (Unaudited) [Abstract]
Disclosure - Quarterly Information (Unaudited) [Abstract]


Disclosure - Reconciliation of Total Assets Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis to the Balance Sheet Presentation [Abstract]
Disclosure - Reconciliation of Total Assets Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis to the Balance Sheet Presentation [Abstract]


Disclosure - Revenue Classified by Major Geographic Areas [Abstract]
Disclosure - Revenue Classified by Major Geographic Areas [Abstract]


Disclosure - Revenue Classified By Significant Product And Service Offerings [Abstract]
Disclosure - Revenue Classified By Significant Product And Service Offerings [Abstract]


Disclosure - Segment Information and Geographic Data - Additional Information [Abstract]
Disclosure - Segment Information and Geographic Data - Additional Information [Abstract]


Disclosure - Segment Revenue and Operating Income (Loss) [Abstract]
Disclosure - Segment Revenue and Operating Income (Loss) [Abstract]


Disclosure - Share Based Compensation Plans Total Activity [Abstract]
Disclosure - Share Based Compensation Plans Total Activity [Abstract]


Disclosure - Share Repurchases [Abstract]
Disclosure - Share Repurchases [Abstract]


Disclosure - Shares Excluded from Computation of Diluted Earnings Per Share [Abstract]
Disclosure - Shares Excluded from Computation of Diluted Earnings Per Share [Abstract]


Disclosure - Shares of Common Stock Outstanding [Abstract]
Disclosure - Shares of Common Stock Outstanding [Abstract]


Disclosure - Significant Reconciling Items [Abstract]
Disclosure - Significant Reconciling Items [Abstract]


Disclosure - Stock-Based Compensation Expense and Related Income Tax Benefits [Abstract]
Disclosure - Stock-Based Compensation Expense and Related Income Tax Benefits [Abstract]


Disclosure - Stockholders' Equity - Additional Information [Abstract]
Disclosure - Stockholders' Equity - Additional Information [Abstract]


Disclosure - Stock Option Exercise Activity [Abstract]
Disclosure - Stock Option Exercise Activity [Abstract]


Disclosure - Stock Plan Activity [Abstract]
Disclosure - Stock Plan Activity [Abstract]


Disclosure - Unearned Revenue by Segment [Abstract]
Disclosure - Unearned Revenue by Segment [Abstract]


Disclosure - Unrealized Loss Position Investments [Abstract]
Disclosure - Unrealized Loss Position Investments [Abstract]


Payment Date


Common stock cash dividends
Common stock cash dividends


Tabular disclosure of the dividends declared during the periods presented.
Dividends Declared


Dividends [Line Items]
Dividends [Line Items]


Declaration Date


Record Date


Total Amount


Dividends [Table]
Dividends [Table]


Document - Document and Entity Information [Abstract]
Document - Document and Entity Information [Abstract]


Document Fiscal Period Focus


Document Fiscal Year Focus


Document Period End Date


Document Type


Earnings per share:
Earnings Per Share


Basic (A/B)
Basic


Diluted (A/C)
Diluted


Earnings Per Share Disclosure [Line Items]
Earnings Per Share Disclosure [Line Items]


Earnings Per Share Disclosure [Table]
Earnings Per Share Disclosure [Table]


EARNINGS PER SHARE


Effective tax rate
Effective rate


Effect of:


Federal statutory rate


Foreign earnings taxed at lower rates


Other reconciling items, net


Internal Revenue Service settlement


Effective Portion


Effect of exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents


Accrued compensation


Employee Service Share-based Compensation, Allocation of Recognized Period Costs [Line Items]


Cash received from stock option exercises


Unrecognized compensation costs


Unrecognized compensation costs are expected to be recognized over a weighted average period (years)


Income tax benefits related to stock-based compensation


Tax benefit realized from stock option exercises


Employee Stock Purchase Plan [Line Items]
Employee Stock Purchase Plan [Line Items]


Employee Stock Purchase Plan
Employees Stock Purchase Plan


Describes the entity's accounting policy for recognizing and reporting costs associated with the company's employee stock purchase plan.
Employee Stock Purchase Plan


Employee Stock Purchase Plan [Table]
Employee Stock Purchase Plan [Table]


Entertainment and Devices Division[Member]
Entertainment and Devices Division


Entity Central Index Key


Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding


Entity Current Reporting Status


Entity [Domain]


Entity Filer Category


Entity Common Stock, Par Value Per Share


Entity Public Float


Entity Registrant Name


Entity Voluntary Filers


Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer


Disclosure on Geographic Areas, Long-Lived Assets in Entity's Country of Domicile
United States


Disclosure on Geographic Areas, Long-Lived Assets in Foreign Countries
Other countries


Amount of long-lived assets other than financial instruments, long-term customer relationships of a financial institution, mortgage and other servicing rights, deferred policy acquisition costs, and deferred tax assets, located worldwide.
Total
Total


Disclosure on Geographic Areas, Revenue from External Customers Attributed to Entity's Country of Domicile
United States


Disclosure on Geographic Areas, Revenue from External Customers Attributed to Foreign Countries
Other countries


Revenue from External Customer [Line Items]


Equity Component [Domain]


Equity Contracts


The fair value of common and preferred stock measured at fair value.
Common and preferred stock measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis


Equity


Impairment charge other than temporary


Common and preferred stock


The estimated cost of the guarantee provided to the counterparty to the guarantee agreement.
Estimated total cost of the revenue per search guarantees


Excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation


Excess Tax Benefit from Share-based Compensation, Operating Activities
Excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation


Executive Officer Incentive Plan
Executive Officer Incentive Plan


Expected Amortization Expense [Line Items]
Expected Amortization Expense [Line Items]


Expected Amortization Expense [Table]
Expected Amortization Expense [Table]


Fair Value, Assets and Liabilities Component Domain
Fair Value, Assets and Liabilities Component Domain


Fair Value, Assets and Liabilities Components Axis
Fair Value, Assets and Liabilities Components Axis


Fair Value, Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]


Fair Value, Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Table]


Fair Value, Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring Basis [Table]
Fair Value, Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring Basis [Table]


Change in unrealized gains (losses) included in other income (expense) related to assets held as of period end


Fair Value, Assets Measured on Recurring Basis, Unobservable Input Reconciliation, by Asset Class [Domain]


Total realized and unrealized gains (losses):


Fair Value, Assets Measured on Recurring Basis, Unobservable Input Reconciliation [Line Items]


Fair Value, Assets Measured on Recurring Basis, Unobservable Input Reconciliation [Table]


Changes in Financial Instruments Measured at Level 3 Fair Value on a Recurring Basis


Fair Value by Asset Class


Fair Value, by Balance Sheet Grouping, Disclosure Item Amounts


Fair Value by Measurement Frequency


Fair Value, Disclosure Item Amounts [Domain]


Fair Value Disclosures
FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS


Fair value hedging


Level 1


Level 2


Level 3


Fair Value, Measurement Frequency [Domain]


Fair Value, Measurement Inputs, Disclosure [Line Items]
Fair Value, Measurement Inputs, Disclosure [Line Items]


Fair Value, Measurement Inputs, Disclosure [Table]
Fair Value, Measurement Inputs, Disclosure [Table]


Fair Value, Measurements, Nonrecurring


Fair Value, Measurements, Recurring


Included in other income (expense)


Included in other comprehensive income


Purchases, issuances and settlements


Fair Value, Measurement with Unobservable Inputs Reconciliation, Recurring Basis, Asset Value
Balance, end of period
Balance, beginning of period


Fair Value of Financial Instruments, Policy [Policy Text Block]
Fair Value Measurements


Fair Values Derivatives, Balance Sheet Location, by Derivative Contract Type [Table]


Describes an entity's accounting policies for investments in financial assets, including marketable securities (debt and equity securities with readily determinable fair values), investments accounted for under the equity method and cost method, securities borrowed and loaned, and repurchase and resale agreements. For marketable securities, the description may include the entity's accounting treatment for transfers between investment categories and how the fair values for such securities are determined. Also, for all investments, an entity may describe its policy for assessing, recognizing and measuring impairment of the investment. Also includes the accounting policies for its derivative instruments and its financial liabilities, which consist of short-tern and long-term debt.
Financial Instruments


Financing Receivable, Allowance for Credit Losses [Line Items]


Accumulated Amortization
Accumulated Amortization


Intangible assets amortization expense


Finite-Lived Intangible Assets by Major Class


Gross Carrying Amount


Finite-Lived Intangible Assets [Line Items]


Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Major Class Name [Domain]


Intangible assets, net
Net Carrying Amount
Net Carrying Amount


Estimated useful lives of intangible assets, maximum


Estimated useful lives of intangible assets, minimum


Gain (loss) reclassified from OCI into revenue


Estimated derivative net losses included in OCI that will be reclassified into earnings within 12 months


Net gains (losses) on foreign currency remeasurements


Foreign Currencies


Foreign Exchange Contracts


Foreign government bonds


Furniture and equipment


Furniture and Fixtures


Future Amortization Expense, after Year Five
Year Ending June 30, 2017 and thereafter


Future Amortization Expense, Year Five
Year Ending June 30, 2016


Future Amortization Expense, Year Four
Year Ending June 30, 2015


Future Amortization Expense, Year One
Year Ending June 30, 2012


Future Amortization Expense, Year Three
Year Ending June 30, 2014


Future Amortization Expense, Year Two
Year Ending June 30, 2013


Net losses on derivatives


Gain (Loss) on Fair Value Hedges Recognized in Earnings
Total


Net recognized gains (losses) on investments
Net recognized gains (losses) on investments
Net recognized gains (losses) on investments


This item represents gains (losses) included in earnings for the period as a result of selling or holding securities and derivatives.
Net recognized losses (gains) on investments and derivatives
Net recognized losses (gains) on investments and derivatives


General and administrative


Goodwill
Ending Balance
Beginning Balance


Acquisitions


Goodwill and Intangible Assets Disclosure [Line Items]
Goodwill and Intangible Assets Disclosure [Line Items]


Goodwill and Intangible Assets Disclosure [Table]
Goodwill and Intangible Assets Disclosure [Table]


Goodwill and Intangible Assets, Goodwill, Policy [Policy Text Block]
Goodwill


Goodwill Disclosure
GOODWILL


Goodwill [Line Items]


The aggregate amount of purchase accounting adjustments, foreign currency translation adjustments on goodwill, and goodwill associated with businesses dispositions in the period.
Purchase Accounting Adjustments and Other


Goodwill associated with business dispositions


Government Competition Law Matters
Government Competition Law Matters


Gross Fair Value
Gross Fair Value


Gross profit


Guarantor Obligations by Nature


Description of the calculation of the guarantee obligation.
Revenue per search guarantee calculation description


Guarantor Obligations [Line Items]


Guarantor Obligations, Nature [Domain]


Revenue per search guarantee term


Hedging Designation


Hedging Designation [Domain]


Hedging Relationship [Domain]


I4I Limited Partnership
i4i


U.S.


Income (Loss) from Continuing Operations before Income Taxes, Foreign
International


Income (Loss) from Continuing Operations before Equity Method Investments, Income Taxes, Extraordinary Items, Noncontrolling Interest
Income before income taxes


Income Statement [Abstract]


Income Tax Authority


Income Tax Authority [Domain]


Income Tax Contingency [Line Items]


Income Tax Contingency [Table]


Income Tax Disclosure
INCOME TAXES


Income Taxes [Line Items]
Income Taxes [Line Items]


Income taxes paid


Income Taxes [Table]
Income Taxes [Table]


Tax years under audit


Provision for income taxes
Provision for income taxes
Provision for income taxes


Income Tax, Policy [Policy Text Block]
Income Taxes


Increase (Decrease) in Accounts Payable
Accounts payable


Accounts receivable
Accounts receivable


Increase (Decrease) in Cash Collateral for Loaned Securities
Securities lending payable


Deferral of unearned revenue


Increase (Decrease) in Inventories
Inventories


Changes in operating assets and liabilities:


Increase (Decrease) in Other Current Assets
Other current assets


Increase (Decrease) in Other Current Liabilities
Other current liabilities


Increase (Decrease) in Other Noncurrent Assets
Other long-term assets


Increase (Decrease) in Other Noncurrent Liabilities
Other long-term liabilities


Dilutive effect of stock-based awards


The number of infringement cases pending beyond those specifically disclosed.
Other infringement cases pending


Intangible Assets Disclosure
INTANGIBLE ASSETS


Intangible Assets, Finite-Lived, Policy [Policy Text Block]
Intangible Assets


Interest Expense
Interest expense


Interest on damages assessed.
Interest on damages assessed


Cash paid for interest


The date as of when a holder must own the debt instrument to be entitled to the interest.
Interest Record Date


Interest Rate Contracts


Internal Revenue Service (IRS)


Inventory Disclosure
INVENTORIES


Finished goods


Inventory, Net
Total
Inventories


Inventory, Policy [Policy Text Block]
Inventories


Raw materials


Work in process


Investment Income, Categories [Domain]


Dividends and interest income


Investments Classified by Contractual Maturity Date [Line Items]
Investments Classified by Contractual Maturity Date [Line Items]


Investments Classified by Contractual Maturity Date [Table]
Investments Classified by Contractual Maturity Date [Table]


Debt Investment Maturities


Investments, Unrealized Loss Position [Line Items]
Investments, Unrealized Loss Position [Line Items]


Investments, Unrealized Loss Position [Table]
Investments, Unrealized Loss Position [Table]


Land


The latest practicable date for which the number of shares outstanding of each class of common stock is provided.
Latest Practicable Date


Rental expense for facilities operating leases


Leasehold Improvements, Gross
Leasehold improvements


Leasehold Improvements


Legal Entity


CONTINGENCIES


Total liabilities
Total liabilities


Total liabilities and stockholders' equity
Total liabilities and stockholders' equity


Liabilities and stockholders' equity


Total current liabilities
Total current liabilities


Current liabilities:


Liabilities, Fair Value Disclosure
Liabilities


364-day Credit facility expiry date


364-day Credit facility


Legal contingencies


Long-term debt


Estimated fair value of our long-term debt, including convertible debt


Thereafter


Long-term Debt, Maturities, Repayments of Principal in Next Twelve Months
Year Ending June 30, 2012


Long-term Debt, Maturities, Repayments of Principal in Year Five
Year Ending June 30, 2016


Long-term Debt, Maturities, Repayments of Principal in Year Four
Year Ending June 30, 2015


Long-term Debt, Maturities, Repayments of Principal in Year Three
Year Ending June 30, 2014


Long-term Debt, Maturities, Repayments of Principal in Year Two
Year Ending June 30, 2013


Long-term Debt, Excluding Current Maturities
Total
Long-term debt


Long-term Debt, Type


Long-term Debt, Type [Domain]


Equity and other investments


Notes


Long-term Purchase Commitment by Category of Item Purchased


Long-term Purchase Commitment, Category of Item Purchased [Domain]


Loss Contingencies by Name of Defendant
Loss Contingencies by Name of Defendant


Loss Contingencies by Name of Defendant [Domain]
Loss Contingencies by Name of Defendant [Domain]


Loss Contingencies by Name of Plaintiff
Loss Contingencies by Name of Plaintiff


Loss Contingencies by Name of Plaintiff [Domain]
Loss Contingencies by Name of Plaintiff [Domain]


Loss Contingencies by Nature of Contingency


Loss Contingencies by Secondary Nature of Contingency
Loss Contingencies by Secondary Nature of Contingency


Loss Contingencies by Secondary Nature of Contingency [Domain]
Loss Contingencies by Secondary Nature of Contingency [Domain]


Loss Contingencies by Type of Case
Loss Contingencies by Type of Case


Loss Contingencies by Type of Case [Domain]
Loss Contingencies by Type of Case [Domain]


Accrual for loss contingency, ending balance


Accrual for disclosed loss contingencies, current, ending balance


Accrual for disclosed loss contingencies, noncurrent, ending balance


The number of claims dismissed.
Number of claims dismissed


The classification of the case by the court
Case classification


The description of the dismissal
Dismissal description


Loss Contingency, Nature [Domain]


Number of claims filed


Number of pending claims


The maximum value of payments associated with the settlement of class action cases.
Maximum value of vouchers to be issued


Total estimated cost of state overcharge class action cases, maximum


Total estimated cost of state overcharge class action cases, minimum


Amount not accrued for estimated maximum losses for disclosed loss contingencies


Amount remaining in dispute for the legal matter.
Remaining in dispute


The description of the resolution reached on the matter
Resolution description


The description of the agreement reached
Agreement description


Major Types of Debt and Equity Securities [Domain]


Other-than-temporary impairments of investments
Other-than-temporary impairments of investments


Marketing Intangibles
Marketing-related


Reconciling amounts


Upper Limit


Microsoft Business Division
Microsoft Business Division


Microsoft Office system
Microsoft Office system


Lower Limit


Mortgage-backed securities


Motorola, Defendant
Motorola, Defendant


Motorola, Plaintiff
Motorola, Plaintiff


Mutual Funds
Mutual funds


Net cash used in financing
Net cash used in financing


Financing


Net cash used in investing
Net cash used in investing


Investing


Net cash from operations
Net cash from operations


Operations


Net income
Net income available for common shareholders (A)
Net income


Non-designated hedge derivatives


Nonoperating Income (Expense)
Total
Other income (expense)


Notes 0.875 Percent Due September 27th 2013
Notes 0.875 Percent Due September 27th 2013


Notes 1.625 Percent Due September 25th 2015
Notes 1.625 Percent Due September 25th 2015


Notes 2.5 Percent Due February 8th 2016
Notes 2.5 Percent Due February 8th 2016


Notes 2.95 Percent Due June 1st 2014
Notes 2.95 Percent Due June 1st 2014


Notes 3.0 Percent Due October 1st 2020
Notes 3.0 Percent Due October 1st 2020


Notes 4.0 Percent Due February 8th 2021
Notes 4.0 Percent Due February 8th 2021


Notes 4.2 Percent Due June 1st 2019
Notes 4.2 Percent Due June 1st 2019


Notes 4.5 Percent Due October 1st 2040
Notes 4.5 Percent Due October 1st 2040


Notes 5.2 Percent Due June 1st 2039
Notes 5.2 Percent Due June 1st 2039


Notes 5.3 Percent Due February 8th 2041
Notes 5.3 Percent Due February 8th 2041


Notes to Financial Statements [Abstract]
Notes to Financial Statements [Abstract]


Notional amounts of credit contracts


Notional amounts


Notional amounts of foreign exchange contracts designated as cash flow hedges


Notional amounts of foreign exchange contracts not designated as hedges


Notional amounts of foreign exchange contracts designated as fair value hedges


Notional amounts of fixed-interest rate contracts not designated as hedges


Notional amounts of mortgage contracts purchased


Notional amounts of commodity contracts not designated as hedges


Novell
Novell


Number of entities acquired


Number of patents allegedly infringed
Number of patents allegedly infringed


Number of patents tried
Number of patents tried


The number of patents for which an unfavorable jury verdit was returned.
Unfavorable jury verdict - number of patents


The number of reportable business segments.
Number of reportable segments


Online Services Division
Online Services Division


Tax years subject to examination


Operating income (loss)
Operating income


The percentage of operating income available as a pool to be granted to employees through the Executive Officer Incentive Plan.
Operating Income Percent, Available for Award
Percentage of operating income for Executive Officer Incentive Plan


Operating Leases, Future Minimum Payments Due
Total


Operating Leases, Future Minimum Payments Due, Current
Year Ending June 30, 2012


Operating Leases, Future Minimum Payments, Due in Five Years
Year Ending June 30, 2016


Operating Leases, Future Minimum Payments, Due in Four Years
Year Ending June 30, 2015


Operating Leases, Future Minimum Payments, Due in Three Years
Year Ending June 30, 2014


Operating Leases, Future Minimum Payments, Due in Two Years
Year Ending June 30, 2013


Operating Leases, Future Minimum Payments, Due Thereafter
Year Ending June 30, 2017 and thereafter


Future Minimum Rental Commitments Under Noncancellable Operating Leases


Option Indexed to Issuer's Equity, Equity


Capped call options, cap price


Option Indexed to Issuer's Equity, Type [Domain]


Options Business Combinations
Options Business Combinations


Other Accrued Liabilities, Noncurrent
Other


Other Assets, Current
Other


Other Assets, Fair Value Disclosure
Other


Other long-term assets


Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Available-for-sale Securities Adjustment, Net of Tax
Net unrealized gains (losses) on investments


Net Unrealized Gains (Losses) on Investments


Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Derivatives Qualifying as Hedges, Net of Tax
Net unrealized gains on derivatives
Net unrealized gains (losses) on derivatives


Net Unrealized Gains on Derivatives


Translation adjustments and other, net of tax effects of $205, $(103) and $(133)
Translation adjustments and other


Translation adjustments and other, tax effects


Other comprehensive income (loss)
Other comprehensive income (loss)


Other comprehensive income:


Reclassification adjustment for losses (gains) included in net income, net of tax effects of $(159), $(120), and $16


Reclassification adjustment for losses (gains) included in net income, tax effects


Reclassification adjustment for gains included in net income, net of tax effects of $2, $(173), and $(309)


Reclassification adjustment for gains included in net income, tax effects


Unrealized gains (losses), net of tax effects of $(340), $188, and $472


Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Unrealized Gain (Loss) on Derivatives Arising During Period, Tax
Unrealized gains (losses), tax effects


Unrealized gains (losses), net of tax effects of $726, $263, and $(142)
Net unrealized gains (losses) on investments


Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Unrealized Holding Gain (Loss) on Securities Arising During Period, Tax
Unrealized gains (losses), tax effects


Other Current Assets
Other current assets


Other Current Liabilities
Other current liabilities


Other investments


Description of minimum financial levels (for example, tangible net worth and working capital) and achievement of certain financial ratios (for example, working capital ratio and debt service coverage ratio), and adherence to certain clauses which generally require or restrict certain actions to be in compliance with the covenant clauses of the financial instrument agreement. May also include a discussion of the adverse consequences that would result if the entity violates or fails to satisfy the covenants.
Minimum required liquidity under certain counterparty agreements


Other Financial Instrument Covenant, Minimum Liquidity
Minimum required liquidity under certain counterparty agreements, amount


Other Income and Other Expense Disclosure
OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE)


The fair value of other investments measured at fair value.
Other investments measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis


Other Liabilities, Current
Other


Other Liabilities Disclosure
OTHER LONG-TERM LIABILITIES


Other Liabilities [Line Items]
Other Liabilities [Line Items]


Other Liabilities, Noncurrent
Total
Other long-term liabilities


Table of other long-term liabilities.
Other Noncurrent Liabilities
Other Long-Term Liabilities


Other Nonoperating Income (Expense)
Other


Other products and services
Other products and services


Patent And Intellectual Property Claims
Patent And Intellectual Property Claims


Patent Infringements
Patent Infringements


Patents


Settlement payments


Common stock repurchased
Common stock repurchased


Common stock cash dividends paid
Common stock cash dividends paid


Acquisition of companies, net of cash acquired
Acquisition of companies, net of cash acquired


Purchases of investments
Purchases of investments


Additions to property and equipment
Additions to property and equipment


Pending or Threatened Litigation


The percentage of the award by type of award.
Percentage of Award by Type of Award
Percentage of operating income for Executive Officer Incentive Plan


Proceeds from convertible debt offering


Business dispositions, total consideration


Proceeds from Issuance of Common Stock
Common stock issued


Maturities of investments


Proceeds from (Payments for) Other Financing Activities
Other


Short-term debt borrowings (repayments), maturities of 90 days or less, net


Sales of investments


The cash inflow from short-term and long-term borrowings with maturities longer than 90 days.
Proceeds from issuance of debt, maturities longer than 90 days


Product Liability Contingency [Line Items]


Product Liability Contingency [Table]


Products and Services


Products and Services [Domain]


Product Warranty Accrual
Balance, end of year
Balance, beginning of year


Settlements of warranty claims
Settlements of warranty claims


Adjustments to pre-existing warranties


Accruals for warranties issued


Property, Plant and Equipment by Type


Property, Plant, and Equipment Disclosure [Line Items]
Property, Plant, and Equipment Disclosure [Line Items]


Property, Plant, and Equipment Disclosure [Table]
Property, Plant, and Equipment Disclosure [Table]


Property, Plant and Equipment Disclosure
PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT


Total, at cost
Total, at cost


Property, Plant and Equipment [Line Items]


Property and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation of $9,829 and $8,629
Total, net


Property, Plant and Equipment, Policy [Policy Text Block]
Property and Equipment


Property, Plant and Equipment, Type [Domain]


Estimated useful lives, average


Estimated useful lives, maximum


Estimated useful lives, minimum


Purchased Call Option


Quarterly Financial Information [Line Items]
Quarterly Financial Information [Line Items]


Quarterly Financial Information [Table]
Quarterly Financial Information [Table]


Quarterly Financial Information
QUARTERLY INFORMATION (Unaudited)


Range


Range [Domain]


Real Estate


Realized Gain (Loss) on Investments
Net Recognized Gains (Losses) on Investments


Disclosure of changes in accounting principles, including adoption of new accounting pronouncements, that describes the new methods, amount and effects on financial statement line items.
Recently adopted accounting pronouncements


Recognition of Deferred Revenue
Recognition of unearned revenue


Reconciliation of Operating Profit (Loss) from Segments to Consolidated [Table]


Significant Reconciling Items


Reconciliation of Provision of Income Taxes [Line Items]
Reconciliation of Provision of Income Taxes [Line Items]


Reconciliation of Provision of Income Taxes [Table]
Reconciliation of Provision of Income Taxes [Table]


Reconciliation of Revenue from Segments to Consolidated [Table]


Reconciliation of Statutory Federal Tax Rate [Line Items]
Reconciliation of Statutory Federal Tax Rate [Line Items]


Reconciliation of Statutory Federal Tax Rate [Table]
Reconciliation of Statutory Federal Tax Rate [Table]


Reconciliation of the net fair value of assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis to their balance sheet presentation.
Reconciliation of total Assets Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis to the Balance Sheet Presentation


Commercial paper, repaid


The cash outflow of short-term and long-term borrowings with maturities longer than 90 days.
Repayments of debt, maturities longer than 90 days
Repayments of debt, maturities longer than 90 days


Research and Development Expense
Research and development


Research, Development, and Computer Software, Policy [Policy Text Block]
Research and Development


The recorded basis of restricted or non publicly traded long term equity investments.
Recorded basis of common and preferred stock and other investments that are restricted for more than one year or are not publicly traded


The estimated fair value of restricted or non publicly traded long term equity investments.
Estimated fair value of common and preferred stock and other investments that are restricted for more than one year or are not publicly traded


Retained Earnings (Accumulated Deficit) and Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Tax
Retained deficit, including accumulated other comprehensive income of $1,863 and $1,055


Retained Earnings Accumulated Deficit and Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Tax
Retained deficit


Revenue Per Search Guarantee
Revenue Per Search Guarantee


Revenue Recognition, Multiple-deliverable Arrangements [Line Items]


Revenue Recognition, Multiple-deliverable Arrangements [Table]


Revenue Recognition


Revenue
Total


Revenue reconciling amounts


Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income


Schedule of Acquired Finite-Lived Intangible Asset by Major Class [Table]


Intangible Assets Acquired


Schedule of Antidilutive Securities Excluded from Computation of Earnings Per Share [Table]


Shares Excluded from Computation of Diluted Earnings Per Share


Schedule of Available-for-sale Securities [Line Items]


Schedule of Available-for-sale Securities, Major Types of Debt and Equity Securities


Schedule of Available-for-sale Securities [Table]


Schedule of Business Acquisitions, by Acquisition [Table]


Basic and Diluted Earnings Per Share


Schedule of Capital Units [Table]


The schedule of cash, cash equivalents, and debt and equity securities, including any unrealized or realized gain (loss).
Investment Components, Including Associated Derivatives


Stock-Based Compensation Expense and Related Income Tax Benefits


Schedule of Components of Income Before Income Tax Expense (Benefit) [Line Items]
Schedule of Components of Income Before Income Tax Expense (Benefit) [Line Items]


Schedule of Components of Income Before Income Tax Expense (Benefit) [Table]
Schedule of Components of Income Before Income Tax Expense (Benefit) [Table]


Schedule of Components of Income Tax Expense (Benefit)
Provision for Income Taxes


Other Comprehensive Income and Related Income Tax Effects


Schedule of Cost-method Investments [Line Items]


Schedule of Cost-method Investments [Table]


Schedule of Long-term Debt Instruments
Long-term Debt


Schedule of Deferred Income Tax Assets and Liabilities [Line Items]
Schedule of Deferred Income Tax Assets and Liabilities [Line Items]


Schedule of Deferred Income Tax Assets and Liabilities [Table]
Schedule of Deferred Income Tax Assets and Liabilities [Table]


Deferred Income Tax Assets and Liabilities


Gains (Losses) on Derivative Instruments


Fair Values of Derivative Instruments


Schedule of Earnings Per Share, Basic and Diluted, by Common Class [Line Items]
Schedule of Earnings Per Share, Basic and Diluted, by Common Class [Line Items]


Schedule of Earnings Per Share, Basic and Diluted, by Common Class [Table]
Schedule of Earnings Per Share, Basic and Diluted, by Common Class [Table]


Difference Between Income Taxes Computed at the Federal Statutory Rate and the Provision for Income Taxes


Schedule of Employee Service Share-based Compensation, Allocation of Recognized Period Costs [Table]


Long-Lived Assets, Excluding Financial Instruments and Deferred Taxes, Classified by the Location of the Controlling Statutory Company


Revenue from External Customers by Products and Services [Table]


Revenue Classified By Significant Product And Service Offerings


Estimated Future Amortization Expense Related to Intangible Assets


Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis


The vest-date fair values of stock plan awards vested during the period.
Share Based Compensation Plans Total Activity


Schedule of Financing Receivable, Allowance for Credit Losses [Table]


Schedule of Finite-Lived Intangible Assets by Major Class [Table]


Finite-Lived Intangible Assets


Gain (Loss) on Investments [Line Items]


Schedule of Gain (Loss) on Investments [Table]


Schedule of Goodwill [Table]


Carrying Amount of Goodwill


Schedule of Guarantor Obligations [Table]


Income Before Income Taxes


Components of Inventories


Schedule of Inventory [Line Items]
Schedule of Inventory [Line Items]


Schedule of Inventory [Table]
Schedule of Inventory [Table]


Schedule of Investment Income, Reported Amounts, by Category


Maturities of Long-term Debt


Schedule of Non Cancelable Operating Leases
Schedule of Non Cancelable Operating Leases


Schedule of Operating Leases [Line Items]
Schedule of Operating Leases [Line Items]


Schedule of Operating Leases [Table]
Schedule of Operating Leases [Table]


Schedule of Other Liabilities [Table]
Schedule of Other Liabilities [Table]


Components of Other Income (Expense)


Product Warranty Liabilities


Schedule of Property, Plant and Equipment [Table]


Schedule of Property, Plant and Equipment
Components of Property and Equipment


Schedule of Quarterly Financial Information
Quarterly Information (Unaudited)


Revenue Classified by Major Geographic Areas


Schedule of Segment Reporting Information, by Segment [Table]


Segment Revenue and Operating Income (Loss)


Schedule of Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Award Type and Plan Name


Schedule of Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
Schedule of Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award


Schedule of Share based Compensation Arrangements by Share based Payment Award, Performance Options [Line Items]
Schedule of Share based Compensation Arrangements by Share based Payment Award, Performance Options [Line Items]


Schedule of Share based Compensation Arrangements by Share based Payment Award, Performance Options [Table]
Schedule of Share based Compensation Arrangements by Share based Payment Award, Performance Options [Table]


Schedule of Share-based Compensation Arrangements by Share-based Payment Award [Table]


Employee Purchased Shares


Employee Stock Options Outstanding


Schedule of Stock Option Exercise Activity
Stock Option Exercise Activity


Unrealized Loss Position Investments


Securities that are owned and loaned to third parties as part of our securities lending program.
Short-term investments, securities loaned


Segment [Domain]


Segment, Geographical [Domain]


Segment Reporting Disclosure [Line Items]
Segment Reporting Disclosure [Line Items]


Segment Reporting Disclosure [Table]
Segment Reporting Disclosure [Table]


SEGMENT INFORMATION AND GEOGRAPHIC DATA


Segment Reporting Information [Line Items]


Segment Reporting Reconciling Item
Segment Reporting Reconciling Item


Segment Reporting Reconciling Item [Domain]
Segment Reporting Reconciling Item [Domain]


Segment Reporting, Reconciling Item for Operating Profit (Loss) from Segment to Consolidated [Line Items]


Segment Reporting, Revenue Reconciling Item [Line Items]


Selling and Marketing Expense
Sales and marketing


Describes the entity's policies for sales and marketing expenses, which include payroll and related costs for sales and marketing personnel and costs of advertising (such as promotions, tradeshows and seminars).
Selling And Marketing [Policy Text Block]
Sales and Marketing


Semi Annual Payment, First Payment
Semi Annual Payment, First Payment


Semi Annual Payment, Second Payment
Semi Annual Payment, Second Payment


Server and Tools
Server and Tools


Server products and tools
Server products and tools


Severance expenses


The maximum number of shares originally approved, net of any subsequent amendments and adjustments, for employee purchases under the employee stock purchase plan.
Shares reserved for future issuance through the employee stock purchase plan


Share-based compensation cost recognition/vesting/service period


Award vest period


Vesting period


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Forfeited in Period
Forfeited


Forfeited


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Grants in Period
Granted


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Grants in Period, Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value
Granted


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Nonvested, Number
Nonvested balance, end of year
Nonvested balance, beginning of year


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Nonvested [Roll Forward]
Shares


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Nonvested, Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value
Nonvested balance, end of year
Nonvested balance, beginning of year


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Vested in Period
Vested


Total vest-date fair value of awards vested


Vested


Share based Compensation Arrangement by Share based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value [Abstract]
Weighted Average Grant-Date Fair Value


Share Based Compensation Arrangement By Share Based Payment Award, Fair Value Assumptions, Expected Dividends Per Share
Dividends per share (quarterly amounts)


Share based Compensation Arrangement by Share based Payment Award, Fair Value Assumptions, Method Used [Line Items]
Share based Compensation Arrangement by Share based Payment Award, Fair Value Assumptions, Method Used [Line Items]


Share based Compensation Arrangement by Share based Payment Award, Fair Value Assumptions, Method Used [Table]
Share based Compensation Arrangement by Share based Payment Award, Fair Value Assumptions, Method Used [Table]


For each plan, identification of the award pricing model or other valuation method used in calculating the weighted average fair values disclosed. The model is also used to calculate the compensation expense that is shown within the balance sheet, income statement, and cash flow. Examples of valuation techniques are lattice models (binomial model), closed-form models (Black-Scholes-Merton formula), and a Monte Carlo simulation technique. Fair value is the amount at which an asset (or liability) could be bought (or incurred) or sold (or settled) in a current transaction between willing parties, that is, other than in a forced or liquidation sale. May include disclosures about the assumptions underlying application of the method selected.
Assumptions Used in Estimating the Fair Value of Award Grants


Interest rates range maximum


Interest rates range minimum


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award [Line Items]


The percentage of market value at which employees are able to purchase shares of common stock.
Share Based Compensation Arrangement by Share Based Payment Award Market Price Less Discount
Percentage of market value at which employees are able to purchase shares of common stock


Maximum percentage of gross compensation at which employees may purchase shares


Shares authorized for future grant


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Aggregate Intrinsic Value [Abstract]
Aggregate Intrinsic Value


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Exercisable, Intrinsic Value
Exercisable, end of year


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Exercisable, Number
Exercisable, end of year


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Exercisable, Weighted Average Exercise Price
Exercisable, end of year


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Exercisable, Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term
Exercisable, end of year


Total intrinsic value of stock options exercised


Exercised


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Expirations in Period
Canceled


Canceled


The term of the award from grant date to expiration.
Term of the award from grant date to expiration


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Outstanding, Intrinsic Value
Balance, end of year


Options outstanding
Balance, end of year
Balance, beginning of year


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Outstanding [Roll Forward]
Shares


Weighted average exercise price of options outstanding
Balance, end of year
Balance, beginning of year


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Outstanding, Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term
Balance, end of year


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Weighted Average Exercise Price [Abstract]
Weighted Average Exercise Price


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term [Abstract]
Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term (Years)


The percentage of the target award pool that is granted based on performance.
Percentage of the target award pool that is granted based on performance


The percentage of market value at which employees are able to purchase shares of common stock.
Share Based Compensation Arrangement by Share Based Payment Employee Stock Purchase Plan Purchase Price
Percentage of market value at which employees are able to purchase shares of common stock


Share-based Compensation Arrangements by Share-based Payment Award, Award Type and Plan Name [Domain]


Share-based Compensation Arrangements by Share-based Payment Award [Domain]
Share-based Compensation Arrangements by Share-based Payment Award [Domain]


Stock-Based Compensation


Options outstanding that were granted in conjunction with business acquisitions, exercise price range, low limit


Options outstanding that were granted in conjunction with business acquisitions, exercise price range, high limit


Shared Performance Stock Awards
Shared Performance Stock Awards


Tabular disclosure of the company's share repurchase activity.
Share Repurchases


Share Repurchases, by Program
Share Repurchases, by Program


Share Repurchases, by Program [Domain]
Share Repurchases, by Program [Domain]


Share Repurchases [Line Items]
Share Repurchases [Line Items]


Share Repurchases [Table]
Share Repurchases [Table]


Short-term debt


Short-term investments


Significant Accounting Policies [Line Items]
Significant Accounting Policies [Line Items]


Significant Accounting Policies [Table]
Significant Accounting Policies [Table]


ACCOUNTING POLICIES


Software and Software Development Costs


Software


Product Warranty


Statement, Business Segments


Statement, Equity Components


Statement, Geographical


Statement [Line Items]


Statement of Cash Flows [Abstract]


Statement of Financial Position [Abstract]


Statement of Stockholders' Equity [Abstract]


Statement [Table]


Stock-based compensation expense


Total stockholders' equity
Balance, end of period
Balance, beginning of period
Total stockholders' equity


Stockholders' equity:


STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY


Stockholders Equity Note [Line Items]
Stockholders Equity Note [Line Items]


Stockholders Equity Note [Table]
Stockholders Equity Note [Table]


Other, net
Other, net


Shares purchased


Issued


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Exercises in Period
Exercised


Stock Issued During Period, Value, New Issues
Common stock issued


The average price per share of stock purchased by employees under the Employee Stock Purchase Plan during the period.
Average price per share


Shares repurchased under the repurchase plan approved by our Board of Directors, number of shares
Shares
Repurchased


Shares repurchased under the repurchase plan approved by our Board of Directors, value of shares
Amount
Common stock repurchased


Stock Repurchase Plan 2007
Stock Repurchase Plan 2007


Amount available for repurchase under the current share repurchase program approved by the company's Board of Directors


Unused amount of share repurchase program with an expiration date of September 30, 2013


Amount repurchased under the prior Board of Directors approved Share Repurchase Program.
Amount repurchased under the prior Board of Directors approved Share Repurchase Program


Changes in Unrecognized Tax Benefits


Reduction of income tax expense due to settlement of prior year audit
Partial settlement of an I.R.S. audit of tax years 2004 to 2006, increased net income


The value associated with developed technology that has been acquired from third parties and capitalized internal research and development for technology for external use.
Technology-based


Term of Product Warranty
Hardware product warranty term


Trading Symbol


Type of Non Cancelable Operating Leases [Domain]
Type of Non Cancelable Operating Leases [Domain]


Unallocated and Other Reportable Segment
Unallocated and other


Uniloc USA Inc
Uniloc


The amount of gains (losses) net of tax, on foreign currency cash flow hedges recognized in Other Comprehensive Income (OCI) during the period.
Gain (loss) recognized in OCI, net of tax effect of $(340), $188 and $472


The amount of tax related to gains (losses) on foreign currency cash flow hedges recognized in Other Comprehensive Income (OCI) during the period.
Gain (loss) recognized in OCI, tax effect


Unrecognized tax benefits
Balance, end of year
Balance, beginning of year


Decreases for tax positions related to prior years
Decreases for tax positions related to prior years


Decreases related to settlements
Decreases related to settlements


Accrued interest related to uncertain tax positions net of federal income tax benefits


Interest related to unrecognized tax benefits


Increases for tax positions related to the current year


Increases for tax positions related to prior years


Decreases due to lapsed statute of limitations
Decreases due to lapsed statute of limitations


Unrecognized tax benefits, if recognized would affect our effective tax rate


Unvested Stock Awards
Stock Awards


Upgrade Option And Guarantee Programs And Pre Shipments
Upgrade Option And Guarantee Programs And Pre-shipments


United States


Estimates and Assumptions


User Interface
User Interface


U.S. government and agency securities


Municipal securities


Valuation Allowances and Reserves, Balance
Balance, end of period
Balance, beginning of period


Total of allowances and reserves, the valuation and qualifying accounts that are either netted against the cost of an asset (in order to value it at its carrying value) or that reflect a liability established to represent expected future costs, charged to costs and expenses, as well as other adjustments to the reserves that are not charged to costs and expenses.
Charged to costs and other


Write-offs
Write-offs


Valuation Allowances and Reserves [Domain]


Valuation Allowances and Reserves Type


Video
Video


Volume Licensing Programs
Volume Licensing Programs


Diluted
Common stock and common stock equivalents (C)


Weighted average shares outstanding:


Weighted average outstanding shares of common stock (B)
Basic


Windows and Windows Live
Windows & Windows Live Division


Windows PC operating systems
Windows PC operating systems


Xbox 360 platform
Xbox 360 platform


Zero Coupon Convertible Unsecured Debt Due June 15th 2013
Convertible Debt Due June 15th 2013







EX-101.PRE
15
msft-20110630_pre.xml
XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE



































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































XML
16
FilingSummary.xml
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT




2.3.0.11

Html

628
515
1
true
137
0
false
8


true
false
R1.htm
1001 - Document - Document and Entity Information
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentandEntityInformation
Document and Entity Information


false
false
R2.htm
1003 - Statement - INCOME STATEMENTS
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/StatementOfIncomeAlternative
INCOME STATEMENTS


false
false
R3.htm
1004 - Statement - BALANCE SHEETS
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/StatementOfFinancialPositionClassified
BALANCE SHEETS


false
false
R4.htm
1005 - Statement - BALANCE SHEETS (Parenthetical)
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/StatementOfFinancialPositionClassifiedParenthetical
BALANCE SHEETS (Parenthetical)


false
false
R5.htm
1006 - Statement - CASH FLOWS STATEMENTS
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/StatementOfCashFlowsIndirect
CASH FLOWS STATEMENTS


false
false
R6.htm
1007 - Statement - STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY STATEMENTS
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/StatementOfShareholdersEquityAndOtherComprehensiveIncome
STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY STATEMENTS


false
false
R7.htm
1008 - Disclosure - ACCOUNTING POLICIES
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/NotesToFinancialStatementsSignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock
ACCOUNTING POLICIES


false
false
R8.htm
1009 - Disclosure - EARNINGS PER SHARE
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/NotesToFinancialStatementsEarningsPerShareTextBlock
EARNINGS PER SHARE


false
false
R9.htm
1010 - Disclosure - OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE)
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/NotesToFinancialStatementsOtherIncomeAndOtherExpenseDisclosureTextBlock
OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE)


false
false
R10.htm
1011 - Disclosure - INVESTMENTS
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/NotesToFinancialStatementsCashCashEquivalentsAndMarketableSecuritiesTextBlock
INVESTMENTS


false
false
R11.htm
1012 - Disclosure - DERIVATIVES
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/NotesToFinancialStatementsDerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDisclosureTextBlock
DERIVATIVES


false
false
R12.htm
1013 - Disclosure - FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/NotesToFinancialStatementsFairValueDisclosuresTextBlock
FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS


false
false
R13.htm
1014 - Disclosure - INVENTORIES
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/NotesToFinancialStatementsInventoryDisclosureTextBlock
INVENTORIES


false
false
R14.htm
1015 - Disclosure - PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/NotesToFinancialStatementsPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock
PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT


false
false
R15.htm
1016 - Disclosure - BUSINESS COMBINATIONS
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/NotesToFinancialStatementsAquisitionsAndDispositionsTextBlock
BUSINESS COMBINATIONS


false
false
R16.htm
1017 - Disclosure - GOODWILL
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/NotesToFinancialStatementsGoodwillDisclosureTextBlock
GOODWILL


false
false
R17.htm
1018 - Disclosure - INTANGIBLE ASSETS
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/NotesToFinancialStatementsIntangibleAssetsDisclosureTextBlock
INTANGIBLE ASSETS


false
false
R18.htm
1019 - Disclosure - DEBT
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/NotesToFinancialStatementsDebtDisclosureTextBlock
DEBT


false
false
R19.htm
1020 - Disclosure - INCOME TAXES
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/NotesToFinancialStatementsIncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock
INCOME TAXES


false
false
R20.htm
1021 - Disclosure - UNEARNED REVENUE
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/NotesToFinancialStatementsDeferredRevenueDisclosureTextBlock
UNEARNED REVENUE


false
false
R21.htm
1022 - Disclosure - OTHER LONG-TERM LIABILITIES
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/NotesToFinancialStatementsOtherLiabilitiesDisclosureTextBlock
OTHER LONG-TERM LIABILITIES


false
false
R22.htm
1023 - Disclosure - COMMITMENTS AND GUARANTEES
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/NotesToFinancialStatementsCommitmentsAndGuaranteesDisclosureTextBlock
COMMITMENTS AND GUARANTEES


false
false
R23.htm
1024 - Disclosure - CONTINGENCIES
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/NotesToFinancialStatementsLegalMattersAndContingenciesTextBlock
CONTINGENCIES


false
false
R24.htm
1025 - Disclosure - STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/NotesToFinancialStatementsStockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock
STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY


false
false
R25.htm
1026 - Disclosure - OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/NotesToFinancialStatementsComprehensiveIncomeNoteTextBlock
OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME


false
false
R26.htm
1027 - Disclosure - EMPLOYEE STOCK AND SAVINGS PLANS
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/NotesToFinancialStatementsDisclosureEmployeeStockAndSavingsPlansTextBlock
EMPLOYEE STOCK AND SAVINGS PLANS


false
false
R27.htm
1028 - Disclosure - SEGMENT INFORMATION AND GEOGRAPHIC DATA
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/NotesToFinancialStatementsSegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlock
SEGMENT INFORMATION AND GEOGRAPHIC DATA


false
false
R28.htm
1029 - Disclosure - QUARTERLY INFORMATION (Unaudited)
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/NotesToFinancialStatementsQuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock
QUARTERLY INFORMATION (Unaudited)


false
false
R29.htm
1030 - Disclosure - ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Policies)
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/NotesToFinancialStatementsSignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlockPolicies
ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Policies)


false
false
R30.htm
1031 - Disclosure - ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Tables)
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/NotesToFinancialStatementsSignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlockTables
ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Tables)


false
false
R31.htm
1032 - Disclosure - EARNINGS PER SHARE (Tables)
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/NotesToFinancialStatementsEarningsPerShareTextBlockTables
EARNINGS PER SHARE (Tables)


false
false
R32.htm
1033 - Disclosure - OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE) (Tables)
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/NotesToFinancialStatementsOtherIncomeAndOtherExpenseDisclosureTextBlockTables
OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE) (Tables)


false
false
R33.htm
1034 - Disclosure - INVESTMENTS (Tables)
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/NotesToFinancialStatementsCashCashEquivalentsAndMarketableSecuritiesTextBlockTables
INVESTMENTS (Tables)


false
false
R34.htm
1035 - Disclosure - DERIVATIVES (Tables)
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/NotesToFinancialStatementsDerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDisclosureTextBlockTables
DERIVATIVES (Tables)


false
false
R35.htm
1036 - Disclosure - FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS (Tables)
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/NotesToFinancialStatementsFairValueDisclosuresTextBlockTables
FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS (Tables)


false
false
R36.htm
1037 - Disclosure - INVENTORIES (Tables)
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/NotesToFinancialStatementsInventoryDisclosureTextBlockTables
INVENTORIES (Tables)


false
false
R37.htm
1038 - Disclosure - PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT (Tables)
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/NotesToFinancialStatementsPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlockTables
PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT (Tables)


false
false
R38.htm
1039 - Disclosure - GOODWILL (Tables)
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/NotesToFinancialStatementsGoodwillDisclosureTextBlockTables
GOODWILL (Tables)


false
false
R39.htm
1040 - Disclosure - INTANGIBLE ASSETS (Tables)
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/NotesToFinancialStatementsIntangibleAssetsDisclosureTextBlockTables
INTANGIBLE ASSETS (Tables)


false
false
R40.htm
1041 - Disclosure - DEBT (Tables)
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/NotesToFinancialStatementsDebtDisclosureTextBlockTables
DEBT (Tables)


false
false
R41.htm
1042 - Disclosure - INCOME TAXES (Tables)
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/NotesToFinancialStatementsIncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlockTables
INCOME TAXES (Tables)


false
false
R42.htm
1043 - Disclosure - UNEARNED REVENUE (Tables)
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/NotesToFinancialStatementsDeferredRevenueDisclosureTextBlockTables
UNEARNED REVENUE (Tables)


false
false
R43.htm
1044 - Disclosure - OTHER LONG-TERM LIABILITIES (Tables)
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/NotesToFinancialStatementsOtherLiabilitiesDisclosureTextBlockTables
OTHER LONG-TERM LIABILITIES (Tables)


false
false
R44.htm
1045 - Disclosure - COMMITMENTS AND GUARANTEES (Tables)
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/NotesToFinancialStatementsCommitmentsAndGuaranteesDisclosureTextBlockTables
COMMITMENTS AND GUARANTEES (Tables)


false
false
R45.htm
1046 - Disclosure - STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (Tables)
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/NotesToFinancialStatementsStockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlockTables
STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (Tables)


false
false
R46.htm
1047 - Disclosure - OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (Tables)
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/NotesToFinancialStatementsComprehensiveIncomeNoteTextBlockTables
OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (Tables)


false
false
R47.htm
1048 - Disclosure - EMPLOYEE STOCK AND SAVINGS PLANS (Tables)
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/NotesToFinancialStatementsDisclosureEmployeeStockAndSavingsPlansTextBlockTables
EMPLOYEE STOCK AND SAVINGS PLANS (Tables)


false
false
R48.htm
1049 - Disclosure - SEGMENT INFORMATION AND GEOGRAPHIC DATA (Tables)
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/NotesToFinancialStatementsSegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlockTables
SEGMENT INFORMATION AND GEOGRAPHIC DATA (Tables)


false
false
R49.htm
1050 - Disclosure - QUARTERLY INFORMATION (Unaudited) (Tables)
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/NotesToFinancialStatementsQuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlockTables
QUARTERLY INFORMATION (Unaudited) (Tables)


false
false
R50.htm
1051 - Disclosure - Accounting Policies - Additional Information (Detail)
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/DisclosureAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformation
Accounting Policies - Additional Information (Detail)


false
false
R51.htm
1052 - Disclosure - Allowance for Doubtful Accounts (Detail)
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/DisclosureAllowanceForDoubtfulAccounts
Allowance for Doubtful Accounts (Detail)


false
false
R52.htm
1053 - Disclosure - Basic and Diluted Earnings Per Share (Detail)
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/DisclosureBasicAndDilutedEarningsPerShare
Basic and Diluted Earnings Per Share (Detail)


false
false
R53.htm
1054 - Disclosure - Shares Excluded from Computation of Diluted Earnings Per Share (Detail)
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/DisclosureSharesExcludedFromComputationOfDilutedEarningsPerShare
Shares Excluded from Computation of Diluted Earnings Per Share (Detail)


false
false
R54.htm
1055 - Disclosure - Earnings Per Share - Additional Information (Detail)
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEarningsPerShareAdditionalInformation
Earnings Per Share - Additional Information (Detail)


false
false
R55.htm
1056 - Disclosure - Components of Other Income (Expense) (Detail)
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/DisclosureComponentsOfOtherIncomeExpense
Components of Other Income (Expense) (Detail)


false
false
R56.htm
1057 - Disclosure - Net Recognized Gains (Losses) on Investments (Detail)
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNetRecognizedGainsLossesOnInvestments
Net Recognized Gains (Losses) on Investments (Detail)


false
false
R57.htm
1058 - Disclosure - Investment Components, Including Associated Derivatives (Detail)
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/DisclosureInvestmentComponentsIncludingAssociatedDerivatives
Investment Components, Including Associated Derivatives (Detail)


false
false
R58.htm
1059 - Disclosure - Unrealized Loss Position Investments (Detail)
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/DisclosureUnrealizedLossPositionInvestments
Unrealized Loss Position Investments (Detail)


false
false
R59.htm
1060 - Disclosure - Investments - Additional Information (Detail)
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/DisclosureInvestmentsAdditionalInformation
Investments - Additional Information (Detail)


false
false
R60.htm
1061 - Disclosure - Debt Investment Maturities (Detail)
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/DisclosureDebtInvestmentMaturities
Debt Investment Maturities (Detail)


false
false
R61.htm
1062 - Disclosure - Derivatives - Additional Information (Detail)
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/DisclosureDerivativesAdditionalInformation
Derivatives - Additional Information (Detail)


false
false
R62.htm
1063 - Disclosure - Fair Values of Derivative Instruments (Detail)
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/DisclosureFairValuesOfDerivativeInstruments
Fair Values of Derivative Instruments (Detail)


false
false
R63.htm
1064 - Disclosure - Gains (Losses) on Fair Value Hedges and Related Hedged Items (Detail)
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/DisclosureGainsLossesOnFairValueHedgesAndRelatedHedgedItems
Gains (Losses) on Fair Value Hedges and Related Hedged Items (Detail)


false
false
R64.htm
1065 - Disclosure - Gains (Losses) Related to Cash Flow Hedges (Detail)
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/DisclosureGainsLossesRelatedToCashFlowHedges
Gains (Losses) Related to Cash Flow Hedges (Detail)


false
false
R65.htm
1066 - Disclosure - Gains (Losses) Related to Cash Flow Hedges (Parenthetical) (Detail)
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/DisclosureGainsLossesRelatedToCashFlowHedgesParenthetical
Gains (Losses) Related to Cash Flow Hedges (Parenthetical) (Detail)


false
false
R66.htm
1067 - Disclosure - Non-Designated Derivative Gains (Losses) (Detail)
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNonDesignatedDerivativeGainsLosses
Non-Designated Derivative Gains (Losses) (Detail)


false
false
R67.htm
1068 - Disclosure - Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis (Detail)
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/DisclosureAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredAtFairValueOnARecurringBasis
Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis (Detail)


false
false
R68.htm
1069 - Disclosure - Reconciliation of Total Assets Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis to the Balance Sheet Presentation (Detail)
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/DisclosureReconciliationOfTotalAssetsMeasuredAtFairValueOnARecurringBasisToTheBalanceSheetPresentation
Reconciliation of Total Assets Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis to the Balance Sheet Presentation (Detail)


false
false
R69.htm
1070 - Disclosure - Changes in Financial Instruments Measured at Level 3 Fair Value on a Recurring Basis (Detail)
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/DisclosureChangesInFinancialInstrumentsMeasuredAtLevel3FairValueOnARecurringBasis
Changes in Financial Instruments Measured at Level 3 Fair Value on a Recurring Basis (Detail)


false
false
R70.htm
1071 - Disclosure - Fair Value Measurements - Additional Information (Detail)
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/DisclosureFairValueMeasurementsAdditionalInformation
Fair Value Measurements - Additional Information (Detail)


false
false
R71.htm
1072 - Disclosure - Components of Inventories (Detail)
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/DisclosureComponentsOfInventories
Components of Inventories (Detail)


false
false
R72.htm
1073 - Disclosure - Components of Property and Equipment (Detail)
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/DisclosureComponentsOfPropertyAndEquipment
Components of Property and Equipment (Detail)


false
false
R73.htm
1074 - Disclosure - Property and Equipment - Additional Information (Detail)
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/DisclosurePropertyAndEquipmentAdditionalInformation
Property and Equipment - Additional Information (Detail)


false
false
R74.htm
1075 - Disclosure - Business Combinations - Additional Information (Detail)
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/DisclosureBusinessCombinationsAdditionalInformation
Business Combinations - Additional Information (Detail)


false
false
R75.htm
1076 - Disclosure - Carrying Amount of Goodwill (Detail)
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/DisclosureCarryingAmountOfGoodwill
Carrying Amount of Goodwill (Detail)


false
false
R76.htm
1077 - Disclosure - Goodwill - Additional Information (Detail)
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/DisclosureGoodwillAdditionalInformation
Goodwill - Additional Information (Detail)


false
false
R77.htm
1078 - Disclosure - Finite-Lived Intangible Assets (Detail)
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/DisclosureFiniteLivedIntangibleAssets
Finite-Lived Intangible Assets (Detail)


false
false
R78.htm
1079 - Disclosure - Finite-Lived Intangible Assets (Parenthetical) (Detail)
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/DisclosureFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsParenthetical
Finite-Lived Intangible Assets (Parenthetical) (Detail)


false
false
R79.htm
1080 - Disclosure - Intangible Assets Acquired (Detail)
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIntangibleAssetsAcquired
Intangible Assets Acquired (Detail)


false
false
R80.htm
1081 - Disclosure - Intangible Assets - Additional Information (Detail)
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIntangibleAssetsAdditionalInformation
Intangible Assets - Additional Information (Detail)


false
false
R81.htm
1082 - Disclosure - Estimated Future Amortization Expense Related to Intangible Assets (Detail)
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEstimatedFutureAmortizationExpenseRelatedToIntangibleAssets
Estimated Future Amortization Expense Related to Intangible Assets (Detail)


false
false
R82.htm
1083 - Disclosure - Debt - Additional Information (Detail)
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/DisclosureDebtAdditionalInformation
Debt - Additional Information (Detail)


false
false
R83.htm
1084 - Disclosure - Maturities of Long-term Debt (Detail)
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/DisclosureMaturitiesOfLongtermDebt
Maturities of Long-term Debt (Detail)


false
false
R84.htm
1085 - Disclosure - Long-term Debt (Detail)
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/DisclosureLongtermDebt
Long-term Debt (Detail)


false
false
R85.htm
1086 - Disclosure - Provision for Income Taxes (Detail)
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/DisclosureProvisionForIncomeTaxes
Provision for Income Taxes (Detail)


false
false
R86.htm
1087 - Disclosure - Income Before Income Taxes (Detail)
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeBeforeIncomeTaxes
Income Before Income Taxes (Detail)


false
false
R87.htm
1088 - Disclosure - Difference Between Income Taxes Computed at the Federal Statutory Rate and the Provision for Income Taxes (Detail)
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/DisclosureDifferenceBetweenIncomeTaxesComputedAtTheFederalStatutoryRateAndTheProvisionForIncomeTaxes
Difference Between Income Taxes Computed at the Federal Statutory Rate and the Provision for Income Taxes (Detail)


false
false
R88.htm
1089 - Disclosure - Deferred Income Tax Assets and Liabilities (Detail)
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/DisclosureDeferredIncomeTaxAssetsAndLiabilities
Deferred Income Tax Assets and Liabilities (Detail)


false
false
R89.htm
1090 - Disclosure - Income Taxes - Additional Information (Detail)
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesAdditionalInformation
Income Taxes - Additional Information (Detail)


false
false
R90.htm
1091 - Disclosure - Changes in Unrecognized Tax Benefits (Detail)
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/DisclosureChangesInUnrecognizedTaxBenefits
Changes in Unrecognized Tax Benefits (Detail)


false
false
R91.htm
1092 - Disclosure - Components of Unearned Revenue (Detail)
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/DisclosureComponentsOfUnearnedRevenue
Components of Unearned Revenue (Detail)


false
false
R92.htm
1093 - Disclosure - Unearned Revenue by Segment (Detail)
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/DisclosureUnearnedRevenueBySegment
Unearned Revenue by Segment (Detail)


false
false
R93.htm
1094 - Disclosure - Other Long-Term Liabilities (Detail)
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/DisclosureOtherLongTermLiabilities
Other Long-Term Liabilities (Detail)


false
false
R94.htm
1095 - Disclosure - Commitments And Guarantees - Additional Information (Detail)
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/DisclosureCommitmentsAndGuaranteesAdditionalInformation
Commitments And Guarantees - Additional Information (Detail)


false
false
R95.htm
1096 - Disclosure - Future Minimum Rental Commitments Under Noncancellable Operating Leases (Detail)
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/DisclosureFutureMinimumRentalCommitmentsUnderNoncancellableOperatingLeases
Future Minimum Rental Commitments Under Noncancellable Operating Leases (Detail)


false
false
R96.htm
1097 - Disclosure - Product Warranty Liabilities (Detail)
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/DisclosureProductWarrantyLiabilities
Product Warranty Liabilities (Detail)


false
false
R97.htm
1098 - Disclosure - Contingencies - Additional Information (Detail)
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/DisclosureContingenciesAdditionalInformation
Contingencies - Additional Information (Detail)


false
false
R98.htm
1099 - Disclosure - Shares of Common Stock Outstanding (Detail)
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/DisclosureSharesOfCommonStockOutstanding
Shares of Common Stock Outstanding (Detail)


false
false
R99.htm
1100 - Disclosure - Stockholders' Equity - Additional Information (Detail)
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/DisclosureStockholdersEquityAdditionalInformation
Stockholders' Equity - Additional Information (Detail)


false
false
R100.htm
1101 - Disclosure - Share Repurchases (Detail)
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/DisclosureShareRepurchases
Share Repurchases (Detail)


false
false
R101.htm
1102 - Disclosure - Share Repurchases (Parenthetical) (Detail)
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/DisclosureShareRepurchasesParenthetical
Share Repurchases (Parenthetical) (Detail)


false
false
R102.htm
1103 - Disclosure - Dividends Declared (Detail)
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/DisclosureDividendsDeclared
Dividends Declared (Detail)


false
false
R103.htm
1104 - Disclosure - Other Comprehensive Income and Related Income Tax Effects (Detail)
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/DisclosureOtherComprehensiveIncomeAndRelatedIncomeTaxEffects
Other Comprehensive Income and Related Income Tax Effects (Detail)


false
false
R104.htm
1105 - Disclosure - Other Comprehensive Income and Related Income Tax Effects (Parenthetical) (Detail)
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/DisclosureOtherComprehensiveIncomeAndRelatedIncomeTaxEffectsParenthetical
Other Comprehensive Income and Related Income Tax Effects (Parenthetical) (Detail)


false
false
R105.htm
1106 - Disclosure - Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Detail)
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/DisclosureAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncome
Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Detail)


false
false
R106.htm
1107 - Disclosure - Employee Stock and Savings Plans - Additional Information (Detail)
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEmployeeStockAndSavingsPlansAdditionalInformation
Employee Stock and Savings Plans - Additional Information (Detail)


false
false
R107.htm
1108 - Disclosure - Stock-Based Compensation Expense and Related Income Tax Benefits (Detail)
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/DisclosureStockBasedCompensationExpenseAndRelatedIncomeTaxBenefits
Stock-Based Compensation Expense and Related Income Tax Benefits (Detail)


false
false
R108.htm
1109 - Disclosure - Assumptions Used in Estimating the Fair Value of Award Grants (Detail)
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/DisclosureAssumptionsUsedInEstimatingTheFairValueOfAwardGrants
Assumptions Used in Estimating the Fair Value of Award Grants (Detail)


false
false
R109.htm
1110 - Disclosure - Stock Plan Activity (Detail)
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/DisclosureStockPlanActivity
Stock Plan Activity (Detail)


false
false
R110.htm
1111 - Disclosure - Share Based Compensation Plans Total Activity (Detail)
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/DisclosureShareBasedCompensationPlansTotalActivity
Share Based Compensation Plans Total Activity (Detail)


false
false
R111.htm
1112 - Disclosure - Employee Stock Options Outstanding (Detail)
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEmployeeStockOptionsOutstanding
Employee Stock Options Outstanding (Detail)


false
false
R112.htm
1113 - Disclosure - Stock Option Exercise Activity (Detail)
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/DisclosureStockOptionExerciseActivity
Stock Option Exercise Activity (Detail)


false
false
R113.htm
1114 - Disclosure - Employee Purchased Shares (Detail)
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEmployeePurchasedShares
Employee Purchased Shares (Detail)


false
false
R114.htm
1115 - Disclosure - Segment Information and Geographic Data - Additional Information (Detail)
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/DisclosureSegmentInformationAndGeographicDataAdditionalInformation
Segment Information and Geographic Data - Additional Information (Detail)


false
false
R115.htm
1116 - Disclosure - Segment Revenue and Operating Income (Loss) (Detail)
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/DisclosureSegmentRevenueAndOperatingIncomeLoss
Segment Revenue and Operating Income (Loss) (Detail)


false
false
R116.htm
1117 - Disclosure - Significant Reconciling Items (Detail)
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/DisclosureSignificantReconcilingItems
Significant Reconciling Items (Detail)


false
false
R117.htm
1118 - Disclosure - Revenue Classified by Major Geographic Areas (Detail)
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/DisclosureRevenueClassifiedByMajorGeographicAreas
Revenue Classified by Major Geographic Areas (Detail)


false
false
R118.htm
1119 - Disclosure - Revenue Classified By Significant Product And Service Offerings (Detail)
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/DisclosureRevenueClassifiedBySignificantProductAndServiceOfferings
Revenue Classified By Significant Product And Service Offerings (Detail)


false
false
R119.htm
1120 - Disclosure - Long-Lived Assets, Excluding Financial Instruments and Deferred Taxes, Classified by the Location of the Controlling Statutory Company (Detail)
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/DisclosureLongLivedAssetsExcludingFinancialInstrumentsAndDeferredTaxesClassifiedByTheLocationOfTheControllingStatutoryCompany
Long-Lived Assets, Excluding Financial Instruments and Deferred Taxes, Classified by the Location of the Controlling Statutory Company (Detail)


false
false
R120.htm
1121 - Disclosure - Quarterly Information (Unaudited) (Detail)
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/DisclosureQuarterlyInformationUnaudited
Quarterly Information (Unaudited) (Detail)


false
false
R121.htm
1122 - Disclosure - Quarterly Information (Unaudited) (Parenthetical) (Detail)
Sheet
http://www.microsoft.com/taxonomy/role/DisclosureQuarterlyInformationUnauditedParenthetical
Quarterly Information (Unaudited) (Parenthetical) (Detail)


false
false
All Reports
Book
All Reports



Element us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInDeferredRevenue had a mix of decimals attribute values: -6 -8.
Element us-gaap_ProceedsFromConvertibleDebt had a mix of decimals attribute values: -6 -7.
Element us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations had a mix of decimals attribute values: 3 2.
Element us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognized had a mix of decimals attribute values: -6 -8.
Element us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations had a mix of decimals attribute values: 3 2.
Element us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInDeferredRevenue had a mix of decimals attribute values: -6 -8.
'Monetary' elements on report '1051 - Disclosure - Accounting Policies - Additional Information (Detail)' had a mix of different decimal attribute values.
'Monetary' elements on report '1062 - Disclosure - Derivatives - Additional Information (Detail)' had a mix of different decimal attribute values.
'Monetary' elements on report '1075 - Disclosure - Business Combinations - Additional Information (Detail)' had a mix of different decimal attribute values.
'Monetary' elements on report '1083 - Disclosure - Debt - Additional Information (Detail)' had a mix of different decimal attribute values.
'Monetary' elements on report '1090 - Disclosure - Income Taxes - Additional Information (Detail)' had a mix of different decimal attribute values.
'Monetary' elements on report '1098 - Disclosure - Contingencies - Additional Information (Detail)' had a mix of different decimal attribute values.
'Monetary' elements on report '1122 - Disclosure - Quarterly Information (Unaudited) (Parenthetical) (Detail)' had a mix of different decimal attribute values.
Process Flow-Through: 1003 - Statement - INCOME STATEMENTS
	Process Flow-Through: Removing column '3 Months Ended
Jun. 30, 2011'
	Process Flow-Through: Removing column '3 Months Ended
Mar. 31, 2011'
	Process Flow-Through: Removing column '3 Months Ended
Dec. 31, 2010'
	Process Flow-Through: Removing column '3 Months Ended
Sep. 30, 2010'
	Process Flow-Through: Removing column '3 Months Ended
Jun. 30, 2010'
	Process Flow-Through: Removing column '3 Months Ended
Mar. 31, 2010'
	Process Flow-Through: Removing column '3 Months Ended
Dec. 31, 2009'
	Process Flow-Through: Removing column '3 Months Ended
Sep. 30, 2009'
Process Flow-Through: 1004 - Statement - BALANCE SHEETS
	Process Flow-Through: Removing column 'Jun. 30, 2009'
	Process Flow-Through: Removing column 'Jun. 30, 2008'
Process Flow-Through: 1005 - Statement - BALANCE SHEETS (Parenthetical)
	Process Flow-Through: Removing column 'Jun. 30, 2009'
	Process Flow-Through: Removing column 'Jun. 30, 2008'
Process Flow-Through: 1006 - Statement - CASH FLOWS STATEMENTS


msft-20110630.xml
msft-20110630.xsd
msft-20110630_cal.xml
msft-20110630_def.xml
msft-20110630_lab.xml
msft-20110630_pre.xml



true
true





EXCEL
17
Financial_Report.xls
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

begin 644 Financial_Report.xls
M[[N_34E-12U697)S:6]N.B`Q+C`-"E@M1&]C=6UE;G0M5'EP93H@5V]R:V)O
M;VL-"D-O;G1E;G0M5'EP93H@;75L=&EP87)T+W)E;&%T960[(&)O=6YD87)Y
M/2(M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\W8SEF,C4X8U\P8S4P7S0U93)?.3ED.5\U,V8R
M93EC9C`S-CDB#0H-"E1H:7,@9&]C=6UE;G0@:7,@82!3:6YG;&4@1FEL92!7
M96(@4&%G92P@86QS;R!K;F]W;B!A'!L;W)E&ULG,Z=CTS1")U&ULG,Z;STS1")U&UL/@T*(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:V)O;VL^#0H@(#QX
M.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T5]);F9O#I%>&-E;%=O#I7;W)K#I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O#I%>&-E;%=O#I.86UE/D)!3$%.0T5?4TA%15137U!A#I7;W)K#I7;W)K#I7;W)K#I%>&-E;%=O#I%>&-E
M;%=O#I7;W)K
M#I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX
M.E=O#I%>&-E;%=O
M#I.86UE/D1%4DE6051)5D53/"]X.DYA;64^#0H@
M("`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T4V]U#I%>&-E;%=O#I7;W)K#I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O#I%>&-E;%=O#I.
M86UE/E!23U!%4E197T%.1%]%455)4$U%3E0\+W@Z3F%M93X-"B`@("`\>#I7
M;W)K#I7;W)K#I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O#I%>&-E
M;%=O#I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O#I%>&-E;%=O#I.86UE
M/DE.0T]-15]405A%4SPO>#I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O#I%>&-E;%=O#I.86UE/E5.14%23D5$7U)%5D5.544\+W@Z3F%M93X-"B`@("`\>#I7;W)K
M#I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O#I%>&-E;%=O#I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O
M#I%>&-E;%=O#I.86UE/E-43T-+2$],1$524U]%455)5%D\+W@Z3F%M
M93X-"B`@("`\>#I7;W)K#I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O#I%>&-E;%=O#I.86UE/D5-4$Q/645%7U-43T-+7T%.1%]3059)3D=37U!,03PO>#I.86UE
M/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O#I%>&-E;%=O#I.86UE/E-%1TU%3E1?24Y&3U)-
M051)3TY?04Y$7T=%3T=203PO>#I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O#I%>&-E;%=O#I.86UE/E%505)415),65])3D9/4DU!5$E/3E]5;F%U9&ET93PO>#I.
M86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O#I.86UE
M/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O#I%>&-E;%=O#I.86UE/D5!4DY)3D=37U!%4E]3
M2$%215]486)L97,\+W@Z3F%M93X-"B`@("`\>#I7;W)K#I7;W)K#I7;W)K#I7;W)K#I7;W)K#I7;W)K#I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O
M#I%>&-E;%=O#I.86UE/D=/3T1724Q,7U1A8FQE#I.86UE/@T*
M("`@(#QX.E=O#I%
M>&-E;%=O#I.86UE/DE.5$%.1TE"3$5?05-31513
M7U1A8FQE#I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O#I%>&-E;%=O#I.86UE
M/D1%0E1?5&%B;&5S/"]X.DYA;64^#0H@("`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T4V]U#I%
M>&-E;%=O#I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O
M#I%>&-E;%=O#I.86UE/E5.14%23D5$7U)%5D5.545?5&%B;&5S/"]X
M.DYA;64^#0H@("`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T4V]U#I%>&-E;%=O#I%>&-E;%=O#I%>&-E;%=O#I7;W)K#I7;W)K#I%>&-E;%=O#I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O#I%>&-E;%=O#I.86UE/E%5
M05)415),65])3D9/4DU!5$E/3E]5;F%U9&ET93$\+W@Z3F%M93X-"B`@("`\
M>#I7;W)K#I7;W)K#I7;W)K#I7;W)K#I7;W)K#I7;W)K'`\+W@Z3F%M
M93X-"B`@("`\>#I7;W)K#I7;W)K#I7;W)KF5D
M7TQO#I7;W)K#I7;W)K#I7;W)K
M#I7;W)K#I7
M;W)K#I7;W)K#I7;W)K#I%>&-E
M;%=O#I%>&-E;%=O#I%
M>&-E;%=O#I%>&-E;%=O#I%>&-E;%=O#I%>&-E;%=O#I%>&-E;%=O5]A;F1?17%U/"]X
M.DYA;64^#0H@("`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T4V]U#I%>&-E;%=O#I%>&-E;%=O#I%>&-E;%=O#I%>&-E;%=O#I%>&-E;%=O#I%>&-E;%=O#I%>&-E;%=O#I.86UE
M/DEN=&%N9VEB;&5?07-S971S7T%C<75I#I.86UE/@T*("`@
M(#QX.E=O#I%>&-E
M;%=O#I.86UE/DEN=&%N9VEB;&5?07-S971S7T%D
M9&ET:6]N86Q?23PO>#I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O#I%>&-E;%=O#I.
M86UE/D5S=&EM871E9%]&=71UF%T:6]N7SPO>#I.86UE/@T*
M("`@(#QX.E=O#I%
M>&-E;%=O#I.86UE/D1E8G1?061D:71I;VYA;%])
M;F9O#I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O#I%>&-E;%=O#I.86UE/DUA='5R:71I97-?;V9?3&]N9W1E#I.86UE
M/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O#I%>&-E;%=O#I.86UE/DQO;F=T97)M7T1E8G1?
M1&5T86EL/"]X.DYA;64^#0H@("`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T4V]U#I%>&-E;%=O
M#I%>&-E;%=O#I%>&-E
M;%=O#I%>&-E;%=O%]!#I%
M>&-E;%=O&5S7T%D9&ET:6]N86Q?26YF;W)M/"]X.DYA;64^
M#0H@("`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T4V]U#I%>&-E;%=O#I%>&-E;%=O#I%>&-E;%=O5]396=M96YT7T1E/"]X.DYA;64^#0H@("`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T
M4V]U#I%>&-E;%=O#I%>&-E;%=O#I%>&-E;%=O#I%>&-E;%=O5],:6%B:6QI=&EE#I%>&-E;%=O#I%>&-E;%=O#I%>&-E;%=O5]!9&1I
M=&EOF%L/"]X.DYA;64^#0H@("`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T4V]U#I%>&-E;%=O
M#I%>&-E;%=O#I.86UE/E-H87)E7U)E<'5R8VAA#I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O#I%>&-E;%=O#I.86UE/D]T:&5R7T-O;7!R96AE;G-I=F5?26YC;VUE
M7V%N9#PO>#I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O#I%>&-E
M;%=O#I.86UE/D%C8W5M=6QA=&5D7T]T:&5R7T-O
M;7!R96AE;G-I=CPO>#I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O#I7;W)K#I%>&-E;%=O#I%>&-E;%=O#I.86UE/D%S#I.
M86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O#I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O#I7;W)K#I%>&-E;%=O#I%>&-E;%=O#I.86UE/E-T;V-K7T]P=&EOE]%>&5R8VES95]!8W1I=FET
M>3PO>#I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O#I7
M;W)K#I%>&-E;%=O#I%>&-E;%=O#I.86UE
M/E-E9VUE;G1?4F5V96YU95]A;F1?3W!E#I.86UE/@T*("`@
M(#QX.E=O#I7;W)K#I%
M>&-E;%=O#I%>&-E;%=O#I.86UE/E)E=F5N=65?0VQA5]3:6=N:69I8SPO>#I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O#I7;W)K#I%>&-E;%=O#I%>&-E;%=O#I.86UE/E%U87)T97)L>5]);F9O#I7;W)K#I%>&-E;%=O#I!8W1I
M=F53:&5E=#XP/"]X.D%C=&EV95-H965T/@T*("`\>#I0#I%>&-E;%=O
M7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H
M87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%
M5$$@:'1T<"UE<75I=CTS1$-O;G1E;G0M5'EP92!C;VYT96YT/3-$)W1E>'0O
M:'1M;#L@8VAA'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@
M(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\
M+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$6UB;VP\+W1D/@T*("`@("`@("`\=&0@8VQA2!296=I'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@
M("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@
M("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$"!+97D\+W1D/@T*("`@("`@("`\=&0@8VQA2!796QL+6MN;W=N
M(%-E87-O;F5D($ES'0^665S/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@
M/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$2!6;VQU;G1A
M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N
M/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N
M/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$2!0=6)L:6,@1FQO870\+W1D/@T*("`@("`@
M("`\=&0@8VQA3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\W8SEF,C4X
M8U\P8S4P7S0U93)?.3ED.5\U,V8R93EC9C`S-CD-"D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I
M;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-V,Y9C(U.&-?,&,U,%\T-64R7SDY9#E?-3-F,F4Y
M8V8P,S8Y+U=O'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT
M9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT
M9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R
M/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$'!E;G-E'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^
M#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^
M#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^
M#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970]
M(G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T
M<"UE<75I=CTS1$-O;G1E;G0M5'EP92!C;VYT96YT/3-$)W1E>'0O:'1M;#L@
M8VAA&5S/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M<#XR+#0V
M-SQS<&%N/CPO2!A;F0@;W1H
M97(@:6YV97-T;65N=',\+W1D/@T*("`@("`@("`\=&0@8VQA'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C
M;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*
M("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$'0^)FYB
M'0^)FYB'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$F5D
M(#(T+#`P,#L@;W5T3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\W8SEF
M,C4X8U\P8S4P7S0U93)?.3ED.5\U,V8R93EC9C`S-CD-"D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C
M871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-V,Y9C(U.&-?,&,U,%\T-64R7SDY9#E?-3-F
M,F4Y8V8P,S8Y+U=O'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA2!A;F0@97%U:7!M96YT+"!A8V-U;75L871E9"!D
M97!R96-I871I;VX\+W1D/@T*("`@("`@("`\=&0@8VQA3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\W8SEF
M,C4X8U\P8S4P7S0U93)?.3ED.5\U,V8R93EC9C`S-CD-"D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C
M871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-V,Y9C(U.&-?,&,U,%\T-64R7SDY9#E?-3-F
M,F4Y8V8P,S8Y+U=O'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S
M/3-$'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@
M(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@
M(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\
M+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$'!E
M;G-E/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M<#XR+#$V-CQS<&%N
M/CPOF5D(&QO&5S
M/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M<#XR/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N
M/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S6UE;G1S
M*2P@;6%T=7)I=&EE7,\+W1D/@T*("`@("`@("`\=&0@8VQA7,\+W1D/@T*("`@("`@("`\=&0@8VQA&-E'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO
M=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO
M=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO
M=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$6%B;&4\+W1D/@T*("`@("`@("`\=&0@8VQA&-H86YG92!R871E3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\W8SEF,C4X8U\P
M8S4P7S0U93)?.3ED.5\U,V8R93EC9C`S-CD-"D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ
M(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-V,Y9C(U.&-?,&,U,%\T-64R7SDY9#E?-3-F,F4Y8V8P
M,S8Y+U=O'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C
M;&%SF5D(&=A:6YS("AL;W-S97,I(&]N(&1EF5D(&=A:6YS("AL;W-S97,I(&]N
M(&EN=F5S=&UEG1S/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R
M-C,I/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N
M/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@
M("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S
M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@
M("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N
M/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'!E;G-E/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S
M/3-$=&5X=#X\'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@
M("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@
M("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S
M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@
M("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$F5D(&=A:6YS("AL;W-S97,I(&]N(&EN=F5S=&UEG1S/"]T9#X-"B`@
M("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M<#XQ+#,T.3QS<&%N/CPO'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N
M/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$"!D969I8VEE;F-I97,\+W1D
M/@T*("`@("`@("`\=&0@8VQA2!O=7(@0F]A65A2!O=7(@0F]A7!E.B!T97AT
M+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^
M#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T<"UE<75I=CTS1$-O;G1E;G0M5'EP92!C;VYT96YT
M/3-$)W1E>'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA6QE/3-$
M)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#$R<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>"<^/&9O;G0@
M3X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@#(P,4,[52Y3
M+B!'04%0)B-X,C`Q1#LI+CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\<"!S='EL93TS1"=-05)'
M24XM5$]0.B`Q.'!X.R!-05)'24XM0D]45$]-.B`P<'@G/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)R!A;&EG
M;CTS1&IUF4],T0R/E1H92!F:6YA;F-I86P@0T*:6YV
M97-T;65N=',@=&ARW5G:"!W:&EC:"!W92!E>&5R8VES92!S:6=N:69I8V%N
M="!I;F9L=65N8V4@;W9E<@T*8G5T(&1O(&YO="!C;VYT2!D971E#L@34%2
M1TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/D5S=&EM871E3X-"CQF;VYT
M('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@'!E;G-E"!C;VYS97%U96YC97,@;V8@979E;G1S
M('1H870@:&%V90T*8F5E;B!R96-O9VYI>F5D(&EN(&]U#L@34%2
M1TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/D9O#L@34%21TE.
M+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS1&IUF4],T0R/D%S6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#$X<'@[
M($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>"<^/&9O;G0@3X-"CQF;VYT('-T
M>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F5D#0IW:&5N('!E2!H87,-"F]C8W5R&5D(&]R(&1E=&5R;6EN86)L92P@86YD(&-O;&QE8W1I
M8FEL:71Y(&ES#0IP&5S#0IC;VQL96-T960@9G)O;2!C=7-T
M;VUE2!R96UI='1E9"!T;R!G;W9E3X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@&ES
M=&EN9R!V97)S:6]N2!P97)I;V0L(&ES(&%L;&]C871E9"!B971W965N(&5X:7-T:6YG
M#0IP3X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@2!O=F5R('1H92!B:6QL:6YG(&-O=F5R
M86=E('!E3X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@"`S-C`@9V%M:6YG(&%N9"!E;G1E0T*
M2!T:&ER9"!P87)T:65S(&9OF5D('=H96X@9V%M97,@87)E(&UAG5F
M86-T=7)E9"!B>2!T:&4@9V%M90T*<'5B;&ES:&5R#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
M,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS1&IUF4],T0R/D1I65D+B!396%R8V@-"F%D=F5R=&ES:6YG(')E=F5N=64@:7,@F5D(&%S('-E2!B87-E9"!O;B!T:&4@;F5G;W1I871E9"!H;W5R
M;'D@F5D#0IU<&]N(')E9&5M<'1I;VX@;V8@=&AE('!O:6YT#L@34%21TE.
M+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
M04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/D-O#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/
M33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS1&IUF4],T0R/D-O0T*8V]S=',[(&EN=F5N=&]R>2!V86QU871I;VX@
M861J=7-T;65N=',[(&-OF%T
M:6]N(&]F#0IC87!I=&%L:7IE9"!R97-E87)C:"!A;F0@9&5V96QO<&UEG0@
M8V]S=',N($-A<&ET86QI>F5D(')E#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)SX\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/E!R;V1U8W0@
M5V%R6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU4
M3U`Z(#$R<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>"<@86QI9VX],T1J=7-T:69Y
M/@T*/&9O;G0@F5D+@T*1F]R(&AA2!T97)M2!I;B!W:&EC:"!W92!D;R!B=7-I;F5S$$P.V1A>7,@=&\@=&AR964@
M>65A&5S+"!S=6-H(&%S('-E8W5R
M:71Y('!A=&-H97,L#0IO=F5R('1H92!E2!R965V86QU871E#0IO=7(@97-T:6UA
M=&5S('1O(&%S2X\+V9O;G0^/"]P/@T*/'`@#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/E)E6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)
M3BU43U`Z(#$R<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>"<@86QI9VX],T1J=7-T
M:69Y/@T*/&9O;G0@2!I2!I6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#$X<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>"<^
M/&9O;G0@3X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@'!E;G-E+"!A;F0@;W1H97(@:&5A9&-O=6YT
M+7)E;&%T960@97AP96YS97,-"F%S'!E;G-E('=A$$P.SPO<#X-"CQP('-T>6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU4
M3U`Z(#!P>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/D5M<&QO>65E(%-E=F5R
M86YC93PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]P/@T*/'`@#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS1&IUF4],T0R/E=E
M(')E8V]R9"!E;7!L;WEE90T*'!E
M;G-E'!E;G-E#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)SX\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB
M/E-T;V-K+4)A6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#$R<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P
M>"<@86QI9VX],T1J=7-T:69Y/@T*/&9O;G0@F4@:70@
M87,@97AP96YS92!O=F5R('1H92!V97-T:6YG(&]R('-E6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)TU!
M4D=)3BU43U`Z(#$R<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>"<@86QI9VX],T1J
M=7-T:69Y/@T*/&9O;G0@2!E;7!L;WEE97,@870@=&AR964M6]N=&@@:6YT97)V86QS
M(&%T(#DP)0T*;V8@=&AE(&9A:7(@;6%R:V5T('9A;'5E(&]F('1H92!S=&]C
M:R!O;B!T:&4@;&%S="!D87D@;V8@96%C:`T*=&AR964M6]N=&@@<&5R:6]D
M+B!#;VUP96YS871I;VX@97AP96YS92!F;W(@=&AE(&5M<&QO>65E('-T;V-K
M#0IP=7)C:&%S92!P;&%N(&ES(&UE87-U6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#$X<'@[($U!4D=)
M3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>"<^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#$R<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ
M(#!P>"<@86QI9VX],T1J=7-T:69Y/@T*/&9O;G0@&5S+"!T
M:&4@<')O=FES:6]N(&9O<@T*52Y3+B!T87AE"!P;W-I=&EOG,N
M($-E'!E;G-E65A6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@3X-"CQF
M;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.U=E#0IC871E9V]R
M:7IE(&5A8V@@;V8@;W5R(&9A:7(@=F%L=64@;65A$$P.SPO<#X-"CQT86)L92!S='EL93TS1"="3U)$15(M0T],3$%04T4Z(&-O
M;&QA<'-E)R!B;W)D97(],T0P(&-E;&QS<&%C:6YG/3-$,"!C96QL<&%D9&EN
M9STS1#`@=VED=&@],T0Q,#`E/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^/&9O
M;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.T]U2!T#L@1D].5"U325I%.B`V<'@G
M/@T*)B-X03`[/"]P/@T*/'1A8FQE('-T>6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU#3TQ,05!3
M13H@8V]L;&%PF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1'1O<"!A
M;&EGCTS1&QE9G0^#0H\<"!A;&EGCTS1&IU2!O9B!C;W)P;W)A=&4@;F]T97,@86YD
M(&)O;F1S+`T*;6]R=&=A9V4M8F%C:V5D('-E8W5R:71I97,L(&%G96YC>2!S
M96-U2!I;F-L=61E(&-E$$P.SPO<#X-"CQT86)L92!S='EL93TS1"="3U)$15(M
M0T],3$%04T4Z(&-O;&QA<'-E)R!B;W)D97(],T0P(&-E;&QS<&%C:6YG/3-$
M,"!C96QL<&%D9&EN9STS1#`@=VED=&@],T0Q,#`E/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$-24^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@#(P
M,3D[2!C;VUP3X-"CQF;VYT
M('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@2!I;F-L=61E('%U;W1E
M9"!M87)K970@<')I8V5S+`T*;6%R:V5T(&-O;7!A&-E961S(&ET2X\+V9O;G0^/"]P/@T*/'`@#L@
M34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS1&IUF4],T0R/D]U&EM871E('1H96ER(&-AF5D(&1I
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS1&IUF4],T0R/E=E
M(&-O;G-I9&5R(&%L;"!H:6=H;'D-"FQI<75I9"!I;G1E2!O9B!T:')E92!M;VYT:',-
M"F]R(&QE6EN9R!V86QU97,N($EN#0IG
M96YE65A&-L=61I;F<@;W1H97(M=&AABUT96UP;W)A#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X
M)R!A;&EGCTS1&IUF4],T0R/D5Q=6ET>2!A;F0@;W1H97(-"FEN=F5S=&UE
M;G1S(&-L87-S:69I960@87,@;&]N9RUT97)M(&EN8VQU9&4@8F]T:"!D96)T
M(&%N9"!E<75I='D-"FEN2UT
M#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS1&IUF4],T0R/E=E(&QE
M;F0@8V5R=&%I;@T*9FEX960M:6YC;VUE(&%N9"!E<75I='D@3X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@2X@1F%I7-T96UA=&EC(&UE=&AO
M9&]L;V=Y(&]N(&$@<75A2!B969O2P@86YD(&]P97)A=&EO
M;F%L(&%N9"!F:6YA;F-I;F<-"F-A'!E;G-E*2!A;F0@82!N97<@
M8V]S="!B87-I6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#$R<'@[($U!
M4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>#L@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q<'@G/@T*)B-X03`[/"]P
M/@T*/'`@3X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#$R<'@[($U!4D=)
M3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>"<@86QI9VX],T1J=7-T:69Y/@T*/&9O;G0@&-L=61E9"!F#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS1&IU
MF4],T0R/D9O2!R96-O9VYI>F5D(&EN(&5AF5D(&EN(&5AF5D
M(&EN#0IE87)N:6YG#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS1&IUF4]
M,T0R/D9O2!R96-O9VYI>F5D
M(&EN(&]T:&5R(&EN8V]M90T**&5X<&5N2!O9F9S970@
M8GD@=6YR96%L:7IE9"!G86EN6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#$R<'@[
M($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>"<@86QI9VX],T1J=7-T:69Y/@T*/&9O;G0@
M2!I;B!T:&4@86QL;W=A
M;F-E#0IF;W(@9&]U8G1F=6P@86-C;W5N=',@=V%S(&%S(&9O;&QO=W,Z/"]F
M;VYT/CPO<#X-"CQP('-T>6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%21TE.
M+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$R<'@G/@T*)B-X03`[/"]P/@T*
M/'1A8FQE('-T>6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU#3TQ,05!313H@8V]L;&%P6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO
M='(^#0H\(2TM($5N9"!486)L92!(96%D("TM/CPA+2T@0F5G:6X@5&%B;&4@
M0F]D>2`M+3X-"CQT6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N
M;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/CQB/C(P,3$\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/CQB/C(P,3`\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/CQB/C(P,#D\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]T
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.S0U
M,3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N
M;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C
M>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]T6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/C0U/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C,V,#PO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^
M/&9O;G0@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/BDF(WA!
M,#L\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT
M('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A
M;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/BDF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M(&-O;'-P86X],T0T/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P
M)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A
M;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I
M>F4],T0Q(&YOF4]
M,T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\
M+W1R/@T*/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1'1O
M<#X-"CQP('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&
M5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/D)A;&%N8V4L(&5N9"!O9B!P97)I;V0\+V9O;G0^/"]P/@T*/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/C,S,SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/C0U,3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H\:'(@F4]
M,T0S('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!S:7IE/3-$,R!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S
M:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE
M/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU
M.34Y)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S(&YO6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z
M(#$X<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>"<^/&9O;G0@#L@34%2
M1TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS1&IUF4],T0R/DEN=F5N=&]R:65S
M(&%R92!S=&%T960@870-"G1H92!L;W=E2!T;R!A(&YE=R!C;W-T(&)A#L@34%21TE.+4)/
M5%1/33H@,'!X)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/E!R;W!E3X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@2!A;F0@97%U:7!M96YT(&%R90T*9V5N97)A;&QY
M(&%S(&9O;&QO=W,Z(&-O;7!U=&5R('-O9G1W87)E(&1E=F5L;W!E9"!O65A#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z
M(#%P>"<^#0HF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H\<"!S='EL93TS1"=-05)'24XM5$]0.B`P
M<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>"<^/&9O;G0@#L@34%21TE.+4)/
M5%1/33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS1&IUF4],T0R/D=O;V1W:6QL(&ES('1E2`Q(&9O
M6EN9R!V86QU92X\+V9O
M;G0^/"]P/@T*/'`@#L@34%21TE.
M+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
M04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/DEN=&%N9VEB;&4@07-S971S/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\
M+W`^#0H\<"!S='EL93TS1"=-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q,G!X.R!-05)'24XM0D]4
M5$]-.B`P<'@G(&%L:6=N/3-$:G5S=&EF>3X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F%T:6]N(&%N9"!A
MF5D('5S:6YG('1H90T*2!B>2!T86MI;F<@:6YT;R!A8V-O=6YT(&5V96YT2!W87)R86YT(')E=FES960@97-T:6UA=&5S(&]F('5S
M969U;"!L:79E6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)SX\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQI
M/E)E8V5N=&QY(&%D;W!T960@86-C;W5N=&EN9PT*<')O;F]U;F-E;65N=',\
M+VD^/"]F;VYT/CPO<#X-"CQP('-T>6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#$R<'@[
M($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>"<@86QI9VX],T1J=7-T:69Y/@T*/&9O;G0@
M6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z
M(#$R<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>"<@86QI9VX],T1J=7-T:69Y/@T*
M/&9O;G0@2!T:&4@1D%30B!O;B!T:&4@8V]N6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU4
M3U`Z(#$X<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>"<^/&9O;G0@3X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@2XF(WA!,#M);G-T
M96%D+"!A;B!E;G1I='D@=VEL;"!B92!R97%U:7)E9"!T;R!P28C>$$P.S$L(#(P,3(@86YD#0IW:6QL(&AA=F4@<')E2X\+V9O;G0^/"]P/@T*/'`@#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS1&IUF4]
M,T0R/DEN($UA>2`R,#$Q+"!T:&4@1D%30@T*:7-S=65D(&=U:61A;F-E('1O
M(&%M96YD('1H92!A8V-O=6YT:6YG(&%N9"!D:7-C;&]S=7)E(')E<75I2!C
M2!R97%U:7)I;F<@<75A;G1I=&%T:79E(&1I2!O9B!T:&4@9F%I$$P.T]T:&5R('1H86X@#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X.R!&3TY4
M+5-)6D4Z(#%P>"<^#0HF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H\<"!S='EL93TS1"=-05)'24XM
M5$]0.B`P<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>"<@86QI9VX],T1J=7-T:69Y
M/@T*/&9O;G0@7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S
M+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T<"UE
M<75I=CTS1$-O;G1E;G0M5'EP92!C;VYT96YT/3-$)W1E>'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA
M#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS1&-E;G1E
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@#(P,30[#0I%05).24Y'4R!015(@4TA!4D4\+W4^
M/"]F;VYT/CPO<#X-"CQP('-T>6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#$R<'@[($U!
M4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>"<@86QI9VX],T1J=7-T:69Y/@T*/&9O;G0@#(P,40[*2!I"<^#0HF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H\=&%B;&4@F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C
M;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C
M;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C
M;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4
M.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/DYE="!I;F-O;64@879A:6QA8FQE
M(&9O6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.S(S+#$U,#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.S$T+#4V.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T
M>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C
M>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C4Q/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q(&YO
MF4],T0Q
M('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE
M/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D
M92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$
M)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/C@L.3(W/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C@L
M.3DV/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS
M1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4]
M,T0S(&YOF4],T0S
M(&YOF4]
M,T0S('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R
M/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@8V]LF4],T0Q/CQB/D5AF4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!C;VQS<&%N/3-$-#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0T/CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@8V]L6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
MF4],T0R/CQB/C(N-S,\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C
M>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q(&YO3X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@#L@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,G!X)SX-
M"B8C>$$P.SPO<#X-"CQT86)L92!S='EL93TS1"="3U)$15(M0T],3$%04T4Z
M(&-O;&QA<'-E)R!B;W)D97(],T0P(&-E;&QS<&%C:6YG/3-$,"!C96QL<&%D
M9&EN9STS1#`@=VED=&@],T0Q,#`E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/@T*/"$M+2!"
M96=I;B!486)L92!(96%D("TM/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$.#F4],T0Q/CQB/BA);B!M:6QL:6]NF4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N
M;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@8V]LF4],T0Q/CQB/EEE87(@16YD960@2G5N928C>$$P.S,P+#PO
M8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/C(X/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C,T,CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS1&IUF4],T0R
M/E1H92!D96-R96%S92!I;@T*86YT:2UD:6QU=&EV92!S:&%R97,@9G)O;2!F
M:7-C86P@>65A3X-"CQF;VYT
M('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F5R
M;RUC;W5P;VX@9&5B="!S96-U7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*
M#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T<"UE<75I=CTS1$-O
M;G1E;G0M5'EP92!C;VYT96YT/3-$)W1E>'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#$R<'@[
M($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>"<@86QI9VX],T1J=7-T:69Y/@T*/&9O;G0@
M'!E;G-E*2!W97)E(&%S(&9O
M;&QO=W,Z/"]F;VYT/CPO<#X-"CQP('-T>6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P
M>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$R<'@G/@T*)B-X
M03`[/"]P/@T*/'1A8FQE('-T>6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU#3TQ,05!313H@8V]L
M;&%P6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\(2TM($5N9"!486)L92!(96%D("TM/CPA+2T@0F5G
M:6X@5&%B;&4@0F]D>2`M+3X-"CQT6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S
M:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/CQB/C(P,3$\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/CQB/C(P,3`\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/CQB/C(P,#D\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/"]T6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/CDP,#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P
M.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.S6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4]
M,T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.R@Q-3$\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/B@S
M.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N
M;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)U1%
M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/DYE="!R96-O9VYI
M>F5D(&=A:6YS("AL;W-S97,I(&]N#0II;G9EF4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO
M8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&
M5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/DYE="!L;W-S97,@;VX@9&5R:79A=&EV97,\+V9O;G0^/"]P/@T*
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@F4],T0R
M/B@Q-#`\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/B@U-3@\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/"]T6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/C$\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%
M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/D]T:&5R/"]F;VYT
M/CPO<#X-"CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B@S,3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO
M8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H
M861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*
M/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/CDQ,#PO
M8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
M04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B@U-#(\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]T
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C
M-3DU.34Y)R!S:7IE/3-$,R!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F
M9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!A;&EGCTS1')I
M9VAT('-I>F4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO
M=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/"$M+2!%;F0@5&%B;&4@0F]D>2`M+3X\+W1A8FQE/@T*
M/'`@#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
M,'!X.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#%P>"<^#0HF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H\<"!S='EL93TS
M1"=-05)'24XM5$]0.B`P<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>"<@86QI9VX]
M,T1J=7-T:69Y/@T*/&9O;G0@F5D(&=A:6YS("AL;W-S97,I(&]N(&EN=F5S=&UEG1S(&1U6QE/3-$
M)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X.R!&3TY4+5-)
M6D4Z(#$R<'@G/@T*)B-X03`[/"]P/@T*/'1A8FQE('-T>6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%
M4BU#3TQ,05!313H@8V]L;&%P6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\(2TM($5N9"!486)L92!(
M96%D("TM/CPA+2T@0F5G:6X@5&%B;&4@0F]D>2`M+3X-"CQT6QE/3-$)T-/
M3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2
M.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/CQB/C(P,3$\+V(^/"]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/CQB/C(P,3`\+V(^/"]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/CQB/C(P,#D\+V(^/"]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]T6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B@X,#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO8CX\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/BDF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M
M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/E)E86QI>F5D(&=A:6YS(&9R;VT@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
MF4],T0R/C8P-3PO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O
M;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
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M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
M04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E
M/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR
M('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2
M.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q(&YO6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
M04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/C,T.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT
M('-I>F4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!S:7IE/3-$,R!N;W-H861E
M/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H\+W1R/@T*/"]T86)L93X-"@T*#0H\+V1I=CX\'0O:F%V
M87-C3X-"B`@("`\=&%B
M;&4@8VQA6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/
M33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS1&IUF4],T0R/E1H92!C;VUP;VYE;G1S(&]F#0II
M;G9E6QE/3-$)TU!
M4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z
M(#$R<'@G/@T*)B-X03`[/"]P/@T*/'1A8FQE('-T>6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU#
M3TQ,05!313H@8V]L;&%PF4],T0Q/CQB/D-OF4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N
M/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/@T*/'`@F4],T0Q/CQB/E5N
M6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU4
M3U`Z(#!P>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,7!X)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/@T*
M/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS
M1')I9VAT/@T*/'`@F4],T0Q/CQB/E5N6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%2
M1TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,7!X)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/@T*/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]L6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X
M)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/@T*/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/CQB/D)A"<@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=#X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q
M/CQB/F%N9`T*0V%S:#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]P/@T*/'`@F4]
M,T0Q/CQB/D5Q=6EV86QE;G1S/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@"<@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X-"CQF;VYT
M('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/CQB
M/DEN=F5S=&UEG1S/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@"<@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@"<@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/CQB/DEN=F5S
M=&UEG1S/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^
M#0H\(2TM($5N9"!486)L92!(96%D("TM/CPA+2T@0F5G:6X@5&%B;&4@0F]D
M>2`M+3X-"CQT6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H
M861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*
M/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
M;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO
M8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/C`\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO
M8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/C`\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO
M8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/C$L-C0X/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C
M>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
M;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C$L-S4R/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C$L-S4R/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C`\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P
M.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
M04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C8S.3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
M04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C`\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C
M>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
M04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C0Q-#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB
M/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P
M.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C4Y.#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P
M.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C`\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P
M.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(@8F=C;VQO6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C
M>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C$V,CPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C
M>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C(L,#0Y/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB
M/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
M04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C,Q+#6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&
M5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/D9OF4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/BDF(WA!,#L\+V(^/"]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P
M.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/CQB/C8V-SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P
M.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/CQB/C8V-SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-
M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/DUOF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C(L,S`W/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C$R,3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
M;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P
M.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-
M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/D-O6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C(V,#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/BDF
M(WA!,#L\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF
M;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C$P+#@R-#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/DUU;FEC
M:7!A;"!S96-UF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C0T
M,3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C`\+V(^
M/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO
M=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C`\+V(^
M/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO
M=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\
M='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*/'`@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4]
M,T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C`\
M+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS
M1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO
M='(^#0H\='(@8F=C;VQO6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO
M8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/CQB/C`\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/CQB/C8U,#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q(&YO
MF4],T0Q
M('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE
M/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D
M92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$
M)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P
M)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$
M;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I
M>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4]
M,T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q
M(&YO6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB
M/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M(&%L:6=N/3-$6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C
M>$$P.R8C>$$P.S8S+#8S-SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO
M8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.S0S+#$V,CPO8CX\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU
M.34Y)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E
M/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT
M('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y
M)R!S:7IE/3-$,R!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A
M;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I
M>F4],T0S(&YOF4]
M,T0S(&YOF4],T0S('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!S:7IE/3-$,R!N;W-H861E/3-$
M;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T
M>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C
M-3DU.34Y)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S(&YOF4],T0Q/CQB/BA);B!M:6QL:6]NF4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@"<@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/CQB/D=A:6YS/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@"<@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=#X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/CQB/DQOF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$
M,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/@T*/'`@F4],T0Q/CQB/E)E8V]R
M9&5D/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\<"!S='EL93TS1"=-05)'24XM5$]0.B`P
M<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#%P>"<@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X-"CQF;VYT
M('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]L6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/
M33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/@T*/&9O;G0@"<@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/CQB/D5Q=6EV86QE;G1S/"]B
M/CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@"<@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/CQB/DEN=F5S=&UEG1S/"]B/CPO9F]N
M=#X\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@"<@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=#X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@"<@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=#X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
M,7!X)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/@T*/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q/CQB/DIU;F4F(WA!,#LS,"P@,C`Q,#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\
M='(^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!C;VQS<&%N/3-$-#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&-O
M;'-P86X],T0T/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
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M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P
M.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P
M.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4
M.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/DUU='5A;"!F=6YDF4],T0R/C$L,3(P/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M
M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/D-O;6UE6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C$X.#PO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O
M;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C
M>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C,T.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT
M/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/C(Q+#`S-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C(Q+#(P,CPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R
M87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I
M9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C$S/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P
M.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&
M5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/DUOF4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS
M1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P
M.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/B@W/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/BDF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C,L,C8U/"]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A
M<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/D-O6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT
M/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/BDF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
M04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT
M/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
M;G0@F4]
M,T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4
M.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/D-O;6UO;B!A;F0@<')E9F5RF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS
M1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T
M>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/CF4],T0R
M/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0R/C4P-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS
M1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$
M;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I
M>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4]
M,T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q
M(&YOF4]
M,T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S
M:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE
M/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P
M,#`P)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E
M/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%
M149&/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1'1O<#X-"CQP('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$
M14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,F5M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/E1O=&%L/"]F;VYT/CPO<#X-
M"CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N
M8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/C0S+#,S,3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B@T-#4\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/C4L-3`U/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CF4],T0R
M/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH
M6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,R!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE
M9G0@6QE
M/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0S(&YO
MF4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S('=I
M9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$
M)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!S:7IE/3-$,R!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O
M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/
M3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!A
M;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S
M:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-
M"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!S:7IE
M/3-$,R!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS
M1&QE9G0@$$P.SPO<#X-"CQP('-T>6QE
M/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)SX\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/E5N
M#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/
M33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS1&IUF4],T0R/DEN=F5S=&UEG1S('=I=&@-"F-O
M;G1I;G5O=7,@=6YR96%L:7IE9"!L;W-S97,@9F]R(&QE#L@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,G!X)SX-"B8C>$$P.SPO<#X-"CQT86)L92!S
M='EL93TS1"="3U)$15(M0T],3$%04T4Z(&-O;&QA<'-E)R!B;W)D97(],T0P
M(&-E;&QS<&%C:6YG/3-$,"!C96QL<&%D9&EN9STS1#`@=VED=&@],T0Q,#`E
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M#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#0E/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO
M=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$
M-B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@"<@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!R;W=S<&%N
M/3-$,R!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/@T*/'`@F4],T0Q/CQB/E1O=&%L/&)R("\^#0I5;G)E86QI>F5D/&)R("\^#0I,;W-S
M97,\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO<#X-"CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M(')O=W-P86X],T0S/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/"]T6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C
M,#`P,#`P)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M8V]LF4],T0Q/CQB/E5NF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT
M/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.U9A;'5E/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F5D/&)R("\^#0I,;W-S97,\+V(^/"]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N
M/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$
M,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\
M9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N
M="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4
M.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/E4N4RX@9V]V97)N;65N="!A;F0@
M86=E;F-Y#0IS96-UF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R
M/CQB/B@W/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N
M;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^
M#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*/'`@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C,V-3PO8CX\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
M04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C,V-3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(@8F=C;VQO6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/BDF(WA!,#L\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C$T/"]B/CPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R
M87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B@Q/"]B/CPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R
M87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*/'`@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C
M>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
M;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO8CX\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB
M/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
M04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B@Q,3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(@8F=C;VQO6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P
M.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/BDF(WA!,#L\+V(^
M/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB
M/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
M04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C`\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*/'`@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO
M8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/CQB/B@T-SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X],T0T
M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H
M861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*
M/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/
M3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$
M,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2
M.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C
M9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!A;&EGCTS
M1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O
M/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1'1O<#X-"CQP('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-
M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,F5M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/E1O=&%L/"]F;VYT/CPO<#X-"CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^
M/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.S(T
M-3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C
M>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
M;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.R@R,3D\+V(^
M/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO
M=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/CQB/BDF(WA!,#L\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT
M('-I>F4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!S:7IE/3-$,R!N;W-H861E
M/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR
M('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2
M.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N
M;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C
M-3DU.34Y)R!S:7IE/3-$,R!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F
M9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$-B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT
M('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/CQB/C$R($UO;G1HF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;2!R;W=S<&%N/3-$,R!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/@T*/'`@
MF4],T0Q/CQB/E1O=&%L/&)R("\^#0I&86ER)B-X03`[5F%L
M=64\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO<#X-"CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M(')O=W-P86X],T0S/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$
M)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0Q(&YOF4]
M,T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D
M92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/CQB/E5NF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M$$P.U9A;'5E/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F5D/&)R("\^#0I,;W-S
M97,\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT
M('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q
M(&YOF4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C
M;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS
M<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N
M/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$
M,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\
M9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)U1%
M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/E4N4RX@9V]V97)N
M;65N="!A;F0@86=E;F-Y#0IS96-UF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/C(Q-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M,T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
MF4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
M;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B@Q/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/BDF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*
M/'`@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
MF4],T0R
M/C$X/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS
M1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/B@Q/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/BDF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/"]TF4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A
M;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT
M('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R
M/BDF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
M;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A
M;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT
M('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R
M/BDF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$=&]P/@T*/'`@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I
M9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
M;G0@F4]
M,T0R/C8V/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A
M<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/B@Q/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/BDF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(@8F=C;VQO6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/BDF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT
M/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/BDF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/BDF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X],T0T/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$
M)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O
M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/
M3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!A
M;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S
M:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-
M"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE
M/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS
M1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0Q
M(&YOF4],T0Q(&YO
MF4],T0Q
M('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*
M/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1'1O<#X-"CQP
M('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,F5M
M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/E1O=&%L/"]F;VYT/CPO<#X-"CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
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M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/BDF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!A
M;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S
M:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-
M"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!S:7IE
M/3-$,R!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS
M1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0S
M(&YOF4],T0S(&YO
MF4],T0S
M('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE
M/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!S:7IE/3-$,R!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D
M92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$
M)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@3X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@2!A='1R:6)U=&%B;&4@=&\@8VAA;F=E6QE/3-$
M)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#$R<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>"<@86QI9VX]
M,T1J=7-T:69Y/@T*/&9O;G0@2X\+V9O;G0^/"]P/@T*/'`@#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/D1E8G0@26YV97-T;65N=`T*36%T
M=7)I=&EE"<^
M#0HF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H\=&%B;&4@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]L6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P
M>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/@T*/&9O;G0@
M6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z
M(#!P>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,7!X)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/@T*/&9O
M;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO
M=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@8V]LF4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C
M;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/C(T+#`U,SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@65A6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT
M/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0R/C(L-3$V/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C(L-C,W/"]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A
M<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]T6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2
M.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C
M9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!A;&EGCTS
M1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q(&YO6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C
M>$$P.R8C>$$P.S0Y+#,V.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H\:'(@F4],T0S('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H
M861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF
M;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU
M.34Y)R!S:7IE/3-$,R!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/"]T86)L93X-"@T*#0H\
M+V1I=CX\'0O:F%V87-C3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA"<@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(^#0H\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQU/DY/5$4@-2`F(W@R,#$T.PT*1$52259!
M5$E615,\+W4^/"]F;VYT/CPO<#X-"CQP('-T>6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z
M(#$R<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>"<@86QI9VX],T1J=7-T:69Y/@T*
M/&9O;G0@2!A;F0@9&\@;F]T('%U86QI9GD@9F]R(&AE
M9&=E(&%C8V]U;G1I;F<@=')E871M96YT+B!!;&P-"FYO=&EOF%L(&%M;W5N
M=',@<')E#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)SX\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/D9O6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU4
M3U`Z(#$R<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>"<@86QI9VX],T1J=7-T:69Y
M/@T*/&9O;G0@2!E>'!O
M&EM:7IE('1H92!E8V]N;VUI8R!E9F9E8W1I
M=F5N97-S(&]F(&]U65A$$P.T-E&-H86YG92!R
M871E2!E>'!O2X\+V9O;G0^/"]P/@T*/'`@#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/D5Q=6ET>3PO8CX\+V9O
M;G0^/"]P/@T*/'`@#L@34%21TE.
M+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS1&IUF4],T0R/E-E8W5R:71I97,@:&5L
M9"!I;B!O=7(-"F5Q=6ET>2!A;F0@;W1H97(@:6YV97-T;65N=',@<&]R=&9O
M;&EO(&%R92!S=6)J96-T('1O(&UA2!I;F1I8V5S('5S
M:6YG(&-E2!C;VYT0T*8V]N=')A8W1S('!U6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)R!A;&EG
M;CTS1&IUF4],T0R/E-E8W5R:71I97,@:&5L9"!I;B!O=7(-"F9I>&5D+6EN
M8V]M92!P;W)T9F]L:6\@87)E('-U8FIE8W0@=&\@9&EF9F5R96YT(&EN=&5R
M97-T(')A=&4@2!O9B!O=7(-"F9I>&5D+6EN
M8V]M92!P;W)T9F]L:6\@=&\@86-H:65V92!E8V]N;VUI8R!R971U&5D+6EN
M8V]M92!I;F1I8V5S('5S:6YG(&5X8VAA;F=E+71R861E9`T*;W!T:6]N(&%N
M9"!F=71U$$P.S,P+"`R,#$Q+"!T:&4@=&]T86P@;F]T:6]N86P@86UO=6YT&5D+6EN=&5R
M97-T(')A=&4@8V]N=')A8W1S('!U#(P,40[(&9O'!O$$P
M.U1H97-E(&UE970@=&AE(&1E9FEN:71I;VX@;V8@82!D97)I=F%T:79E#0II
M;G-T7-I8V%L(&1E;&EV97)Y(&]F
M('1H92!A6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@3X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@&5D+6EN8V]M
M90T*<&]R=&9O;&EO(&ES(&1I=F5R'!O6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#$X<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"
M3U143TTZ(#!P>"<^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#$R<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>"<@
M86QI9VX],T1J=7-T:69Y/@T*/&9O;G0@2!E>'!O'!O2!C86X@8F4@;&]W+6-O0T*8V]N=')A8W1S('!U6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS1&IUF4],T0R/D-E
M2!O9B`F;F)S<#LD,2XP(&)I;&QIVXN(%1O
M('1H90T*97AT96YT('=E(&9A:6P@=&\@;65E="!T:&5S92!R97%U:7)E;65N
M=',L('=E('=I;&P@8F4@&-E#L@34%21TE.+4)/
M5%1/33H@,'!X)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/D9A:7(@5F%L=65S(&]F($1E3X-
M"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.S,P
M+"`R,#$Q(&%N9"`R,#$P+@T*5&AE(&9A:7(@=F%L=65S(&5X8VQU9&4@=&AE
M(&EM<&%C="!O9B!N971T:6YG(&1E#L@1D].5"U3
M25I%.B`Q,G!X)SX-"B8C>$$P.SPO<#X-"CQT86)L92!S='EL93TS1"="3U)$
M15(M0T],3$%04T4Z(&-O;&QA<'-E)R!B;W)D97(],T0P(&-E;&QS<&%C:6YG
M/3-$,"!C96QL<&%D9&EN9STS1#`@=VED=&@],T0Q,#`E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N
M=&5R/@T*/"$M+2!"96=I;B!486)L92!(96%D("TM/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$-#8E/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M-24^/"]T9#X-"CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#4E/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*
M/'1R/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0Q/CQB/BA);B!M:6QL:6]NF4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/@T*/'`@F4],T0Q/CQB/D9O6QE/3-$
M)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS
M1')I9VAT/@T*/&9O;G0@&-H86YG93PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]P/@T*/'`@F4],T0Q/CQB/D-O;G1R86-TF4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS
M<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/@T*/'`@F4],T0Q/CQB
M/D5Q=6ET>3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]P/@T*/'`@F4],T0Q/CQB
M/D-O;G1R86-TF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT/@T*/'`@F4],T0Q/CQB/DEN=&5R97-T/"]B
M/CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\<"!S='EL93TS1"=-05)'24XM5$]0.B`P<'@[($U!
M4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>"<@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/CQB/D-O;G1R86-TF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/@T*
M/'`@F4],T0Q/CQB/D-R961I=#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]P/@T*
M/'`@F4],T0Q/CQB/D-O;G1R86-TF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/@T*/'`@F4],T0Q/CQB/D-O;6UO9&ET>3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]P/@T*/'`@F4],T0Q/CQB/D-O;G1R86-TF4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS
M<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/@T*/'`@F4],T0Q/CQB
M/E1O=&%L/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\<"!S='EL93TS1"=-05)'24XM5$]0
M.B`P<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#%P>"<@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X-"CQF
M;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/"]TF4],T0Q
M(&YOF4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C
M;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS
M<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N
M/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$
M,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\
M9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/CQB/D%SF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!C;VQS<&%N/3-$-#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0T
M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@8V]L6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB
M/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M(&%L:6=N/3-$6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%
M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,V5M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/D]T:&5R(&-UF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/CF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C`\+V(^/"]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A
M<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C`\+V(^/"]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB
M/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB
M/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X],T0T/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$
M)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O
M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/
M3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!A
M;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S
M:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-
M"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE
M/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS
M1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0Q
M(&YOF4],T0Q(&YO
MF4],T0Q
M('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*
M/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1'1O<#X-"CQP
M('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@-65M
M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/E1O=&%L/"]F;VYT/CPO<#X-"CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$
M14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/D1EF4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM
M3$5&5#H@,V5M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/D]T:&5R(&-UF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C
M>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C$R,SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C
M>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C`\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P
M.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/CQB/C$R,SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4]
M,T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$
M;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T
M>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C
M,#`P,#`P)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H
M861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF
M;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P
M,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F
M)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/C$R.3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE/3-$)T-/
M3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S('=I9'1H/3-$
M,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2
M.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!S:7IE/3-$,R!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C
M9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!A;&EGCTS
M1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O
M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!S:7IE/3-$,R!N
M;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^
M/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4]
M,T0R/CQB/C$W.3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/C0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/C0Q-CPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE
M/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!S:7IE/3-$,R!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D
M92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$
M)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y
M)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$
M;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I
M>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4]
M,T0S(&YOF4],T0S
M(&YOF4]
M,T0S('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R
M/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@8V]LF4],T0Q/CQB/DQI86)I;&ET:65S/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE
M/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,V5M)SX\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/D]T:&5R
M(&-U6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R
M/CQB/B@Y,3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB
M/B@Q,CPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B@Y
M/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M,T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R
M/CQB/BDF(WA!,#L\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
M04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P
M/@T*/'`@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/C`\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/C`\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/C`\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/C`\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B@Q,C@\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/BDF(WA!,#L\+V(^/"]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS
M<&%N/3-$-#X-"CQHF4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H
M861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*
M/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/
M3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$
M,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2
M.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C
M9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!A;&EGCTS
M1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q(&YO6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P
M.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B@Q,CPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO
M8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B@Y/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
MF4],T0R/CQB/BDF(WA!,#L\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\
M+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/
M3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!S:7IE/3-$,R!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2
M.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D
M92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH
M6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,R!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE
M9G0@6QE
M/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0S(&YO
MF4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S('=I
M9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/"$M
M+2!%;F0@5&%B;&4@0F]D>2`M+3X\+W1A8FQE/@T*/'`@#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z
M(#%P>"<^#0HF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H\=&%B;&4@6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)
M3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT
M/@T*/&9O;G0@"<@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=#X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)TU!
M4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,7!X)R!A;&EGCTS1')I
M9VAT/@T*/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]L6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P
M>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/@T*/&9O;G0@
M6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P
M>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,7!X)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/@T*/&9O;G0@
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]L6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%21TE.+4)/
M5%1/33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/@T*/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/CQB/E)A=&4\+V(^/"]F;VYT
M/CPO<#X-"CQP('-T>6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%21TE.+4)/
M5%1/33H@,7!X)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/@T*/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]L6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)R!A
M;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/@T*/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,7!X)R!A
M;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/@T*/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M8V]L6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)
M3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT
M/@T*/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)TU!
M4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,7!X)R!A;&EGCTS1')I
M9VAT/@T*/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]L6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P
M>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/@T*/&9O;G0@
MF4],T0Q/CQB/D1E2`M+3X-"CQT6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H
M861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*
M/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@$$P.S,P+"`R,#$P/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]L
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
M;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'
M24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
M04PG('-I>F4],T0R/DYO;BUD97-I9VYA=&5D(&AE9&=E#0ID97)I=F%T:79E
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO
M='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*/'`@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C
M>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0R/C,T/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
M;G0@F4]
M,T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS
M1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@F4],T0Q('=I
M9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$
M)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O
M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/
M3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!A
M;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S
M:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-
M"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE
M/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS
M1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0Q
M(&YOF4],T0Q(&YO
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(@8F=C;VQO6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P
M.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/"]TF4],T0R/C4V,SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C4V,SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E
M/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR
M('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2
M.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N
M;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C
M,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F
M9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!A;&EGCTS1')I
M9VAT('-I>F4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO
M=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1'1O<#X-"CQP('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'
M24XM3$5&5#H@-65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
M04PG('-I>F4],T0R/E1O=&%L/"]F;VYT/CPO<#X-"CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/C4V-CPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^
M/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!S:7IE/3-$,R!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S
M:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE
M/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU
M.34Y)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E
M/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT
M('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y
M)R!S:7IE/3-$,R!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A
M;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I
M>F4],T0S(&YOF4]
M,T0S(&YOF4],T0S('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\
M+W1R/@T*/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1'1O
M<#X-"CQP('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&
M5#H@-V5M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/E1O=&%L(&%S6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/C$S-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/C<\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P
M.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/C@\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H\:'(@F4],T0S
M('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE
M/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!S:7IE/3-$,R!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D
M92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$
M)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y
M)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$
M;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I
M>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4]
M,T0S(&YOF4],T0S
M(&YOF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\
M='(^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!C;VQS<&%N/3-$-#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&-O
M;'-P86X],T0T/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@8V]L6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
M;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
M;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/B@V,#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M,T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
M04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B@Q-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B@S
M,SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N
M;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B@T,3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
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M;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&
M5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/D1EF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
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M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E
M/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT
M('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P
M)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A
M;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I
M>F4],T0Q(&YOF4]
M,T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$
M;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T
M>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/BDF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@F4],T0R/BDF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/BDF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
MF4],T0R/BDF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
M;G0@F4],T0R/BDF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^#0H\:'(@F4],T0S('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D
M92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH
M6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,R!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE
M9G0@6QE
M/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0S(&YO
MF4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S('=I
M9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$
M)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!S:7IE/3-$,R!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O
M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/
M3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!A
M;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S(&YO6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#$R<'@[
M($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>"<@86QI9VX],T1J=7-T:69Y/@T*/&9O;G0@
M$$P.R8C>#(P,3,[($9A:7(@5F%L=64-"DUE87-U#L@34%21TE.
M+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
M04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/D9A:7(@5F%L=64@2&5D9V4@1V%I;G,-"BA,;W-S
M97,I/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\<"!S='EL93TS1"=-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q
M,G!X.R!-05)'24XM0D]45$]-.B`P<'@G(&%L:6=N/3-$:G5S=&EF>3X-"CQF
M;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@'!E;G-E*2!T:&4@9F]L
M;&]W:6YG(&=A:6YS("AL;W-S97,I(')E;&%T960@=&\@9F%I"<^#0HF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H\=&%B
M;&4@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I
M9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I
M9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I
M9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/CQB/D9OF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]T6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$
M14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/DAE9&=E9"!I=&5M6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/C8P/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/B@Q,C`\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D
M92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH
M6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE
M9G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB
M/B@W/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]T
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C
M-3DU.34Y)R!S:7IE/3-$,R!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F
M9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!A;&EGCTS1')I
M9VAT('-I>F4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO
M=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@8V]LF4],T0Q/CQB/D5Q
M=6ET>2!#;VYTF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
M;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
M6QE
M/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/D1EF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P
M.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/C$Y,3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C`\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P
M.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/B@R,3$\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O
M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N
M;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/C`\
M+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS
M1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@F4],T0R/BDF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^
M#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^#0H\:'(@F4],T0S('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$
M;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I
M>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4]
M,T0S(&YOF4],T0S
M(&YO6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#$X<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P
M>#L@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q<'@G/@T*)B-X03`[/"]P/@T*/'`@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X
M)R!A;&EGCTS1&IUF4],T0R/E=E(')E8V]G;FEZ960@=&AE#0IF;VQL;W=I
M;F<@9V%I;G,@*&QO2!C87-H(&9L;W<@:&5D9V5S(&1U#L@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,G!X)SX-
M"B8C>$$P.SPO<#X-"CQT86)L92!S='EL93TS1"="3U)$15(M0T],3$%04T4Z
M(&-O;&QA<'-E)R!B;W)D97(],T0P(&-E;&QS<&%C:6YG/3-$,"!C96QL<&%D
M9&EN9STS1#`@=VED=&@],T0Q,#`E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/@T*/"$M+2!"
M96=I;B!486)L92!(96%D("TM/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-SDE/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,R4^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#,E/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*
M/'1R/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0Q/CQB/BA);B!M:6QL:6]NF4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C
M;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S
M:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@8V]L
MF4]
M,T0Q/CQB/EEE87(@16YD960@2G5N928C>$$P.S,P+#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N
M="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M
M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/D=A:6X@*&QO"!E
M9F9E8W0@;V8@/&(^)FYB6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%
M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/D=A:6X@*&QOF4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO8CX\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/CQB/D%M;W5N="!%>&-L=61E9"!FF4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C
M;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS
M<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M
M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/DQO'!E;G-E*3PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/B@S,30\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q(&YO3X-"CQF;VYT
M('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.S,P+`T*
M,C`Q,2!W:6QL(&)E(')E8VQA65A6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#$R<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U14
M3TTZ(#!P>"<@86QI9VX],T1J=7-T:69Y/@T*/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@
M34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$R<'@G/@T*)B-X03`[
M/"]P/@T*/'1A8FQE('-T>6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU#3TQ,05!313H@8V]L;&%P
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\(2TM($5N9"!486)L92!(96%D("TM/CPA+2T@0F5G:6X@
M5&%B;&4@0F]D>2`M+3X-"CQT6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE
M/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS
M1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/CQB/C(P,3$\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/CQB/C(P,3`\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/CQB/C(P,#D\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/"]T6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
M04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.R@R,S0\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO
M8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/CQB/C,U/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF
M;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
M04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'
M24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
M04PG('-I>F4],T0R/DEN=&5R97-T+7)A=&4@8V]N=')A8W1S/"]F;VYT/CPO
M<#X-"CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C$Y/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C4\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
M,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/D-R961I="!C;VYT6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/"]TF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P
M.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/CQB/C$T.#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R
M/B@Q/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS
M1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/BDF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@F4],T0R/BDF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
M,T0T/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N
M;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@
M6QE/3-$
M)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q('=I9'1H
M/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R(&)G
M8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1'1O<#X-"CQP('-T>6QE
M/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,F5M)SX\9F]N
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M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$F4],T0R/CQB/B8C
M>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
MF4],T0R/BDF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M#0H\:'(@F4],T0S('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O
M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!S:7IE/3-$,R!N
M;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@
M6QE/3-$
M)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S(&YO3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-
M"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\W8SEF,C4X8U\P8S4P7S0U93)?.3ED.5\U
M,V8R93EC9C`S-CD-"D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-V,Y
M9C(U.&-?,&,U,%\T-64R7SDY9#E?-3-F,F4Y8V8P,S8Y+U=O'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS
M1&IUF4],T0R/E1H92!F;VQL;W=I;F<@=&%B;&5S#0IP6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@
M34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$R<'@G/@T*)B-X03`[
M/"]P/@T*/'1A8FQE('-T>6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU#3TQ,05!313H@8V]L;&%P
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.S,\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M8V]L6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)
M3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT
M/@T*/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q
M/CQB/D9A:7(\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO<#X-"CQP('-T>6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU4
M3U`Z(#!P>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,7!X)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/@T*
M/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS
M1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SQS=7`@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M2`M+3X-"CQT6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C
M,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F
M9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P
M.S,P+"`R,#$Q/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C
M;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS
M<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N
M/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$
M,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\
M9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)U1%
M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/DUU='5A;"!F=6YD
M6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB
M/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB
M/C`\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A
M<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/C`\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.R8C
M>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
M;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/C$L-S4R/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C`\
M+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS
M1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C`\
M+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS
M1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C`\
M+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS
M1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
M,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/D-EF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P
M.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/CQB/C`\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P
M.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/CQB/C`\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P
M.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/CQB/C`\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/E4N
M4RX@9V]V97)N;65N="!A;F0@86=E;F-Y#0IS96-UF4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C(S+#4Y,3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P
M.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C
M>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB
M/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(@8F=C
M;VQO6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB
M/C,P,SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*/'`@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB
M/C(L-#(X/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N
M;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/CQB/C`\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO
M=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
M04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(@8F=C;VQO6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C$P+#8P,#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P
M.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C
M>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*/'`@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P
M.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P
M.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P
M.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(@8F=C;VQO6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4]
M,T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4]
M,T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/CDL.#@Q
M/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M,T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M
M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/D1EF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
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M;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C(P/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C0Q-CPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C
M>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X],T0T/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C
M,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F
M9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!A;&EGCTS1')I
M9VAT('-I>F4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H
M861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*
M/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/
M3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$
M,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R(&)G8V]L
M;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1'1O<#X-"CQP('-T>6QE/3-$
M)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,F5M)SX\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/E1O=&%L/"]F
M;VYT/CPO<#X-"CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I
M>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C
M>$$P.R8C>$$P.S(U+#6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P
M.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
MF4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.S8Q+#(V
M,CPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.S8Q+#`U.#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!S:7IE/3-$,R!N
M;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@
M6QE/3-$
M)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S('=I9'1H
M/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/
M3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!S:7IE/3-$,R!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2
M.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D
M92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@8V]LF4],T0Q/CQB/DQI86)I;&ET:65S/"]B/CPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]L
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/"]T6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/C$P.3PO
M8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB
M/B@R,#,\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO
M=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
M04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/BDF(WA!,#L\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO
M='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X],T0R-#X-
M"CQHF4]
M,T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R
M/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@8V]LF4],T0Q/CQB/BA);B!M:6QL:6]NF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$
M,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N
M/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS
M<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@"<@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=#X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)TU!
M4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS1')I
M9VAT/@T*/&9O;G0@"<@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=#X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/CQB/DYE='1I;F6QE/3-$)U!/4TE4
M24]..B!R96QA=&EV93L@0D]45$]-.B`P+CAE>#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)AF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/CQB/DYE="!&86ER/&)R("\^#0I686QU93PO8CX\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/CQB/D%SF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO
M='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!C;VQS<&%N/3-$-#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0T/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@8V]L6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
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M.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
M;G0@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&
M5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/D-O;6UE6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R
M/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C$W,CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4]
M,T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C$W,CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C$W,CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
MF4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C,T.#PO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R
M87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C,T
M.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N
M;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
MF4],T0R
M/C,T.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M,T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT
M/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS
M1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$
M14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/D9OF4],T0R/C(S.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%
M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/DUOF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C
M>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C,L,C8T/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C`\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
M04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M
M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/D-O6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
MF4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/CF4]
M,T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C$V-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/CF4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]T
MF4],T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I
M9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS
M1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
MF4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]T
MF4]
M,T0R/C8L.3@X/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO
M=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
M04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C0S/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C4\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS
M1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O
M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N
M;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@
M6QE/3-$
M)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q('=I9'1H
M/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/
M3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2
M.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P
M.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.S$X,3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/BDF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4]
M,T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-
M"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!S:7IE
M/3-$,R!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS
M1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0S
M(&YOF4],T0S(&YO
MF4],T0S
M('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE
M/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!S:7IE/3-$,R!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D
M92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$
M)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y
M)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$
M;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M8V]LF4],T0Q/CQB/DQI86)I;&ET:65S
M/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]L
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/"]T6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/C$S-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
MF4],T0R/BDF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@2`M+3X\+W1A
M8FQE/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE
M9G0@6QE/3-$
M)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X.R!&3TY4+5-)
M6D4Z(#9P>"<^#0HF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H\=&%B;&4@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@2!E;F9O$$P.SPO<#X-"CQP('-T>6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@
M34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS1&IUF4],T0R/E1H92!T86)L
M92!B96QO=PT*#(P,3,[
M#0I);G9E$$P.S,P+"`R,#$Q(&%N9"`R,#$P
M+CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\<"!S='EL93TS1"=-05)'24XM5$]0.B`P<'@[($U!
M4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>#L@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,G!X)SX-"B8C>$$P.SPO
M<#X-"CQT86)L92!S='EL93TS1"="3U)$15(M0T],3$%04T4Z(&-O;&QA<'-E
M)R!B;W)D97(],T0P(&-E;&QS<&%C:6YG/3-$,"!C96QL<&%D9&EN9STS1#`@
M=VED=&@],T0Q,#`E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/@T*/"$M+2!"96=I;B!486)L
M92!(96%D("TM/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$.#@E/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,R4^/"]T9#X-"CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N
M;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@8V]LF4],T0Q/CQB
M/C(P,3$\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF
M;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/CQB
M/C(P,3`\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF
M;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]T6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB
M/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
M04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C$L-C0X/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&
M5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/D-O;6UO;B!A;F0@<')E9F5RF4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C,S-#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/C(Q-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B@U-#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO8CX\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/BDF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*/'`@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R
M/C8R/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS
M1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H
M861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C
M0T-%149&/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1'1O<#X-"CQP('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M
M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,F5M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/E)E8V]R9&5D(&)A6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/C8S+#8S-SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D
M92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/"$M+2!%;F0@5&%B;&4@0F]D>2`M+3X\+W1A
M8FQE/@T*/'`@#L@34%21TE.+4)/
M5%1/33H@,'!X)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/D-H86YG97,@:6X@1FEN86YC:6%L($EN6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU4
M3U`Z(#$R<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>"<@86QI9VX],T1J=7-T:69Y
M/@T*/&9O;G0@2!O9B!T:&5S92!I;G-T"<^#0HF(WA!
M,#L\+W`^#0H\=&%B;&4@F4],T0Q
M/CQB/BA);B!M:6QL:6]NF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS
M1')I9VAT/@T*/'`@F4],T0Q/CQB/D-OF4],T0Q/CQB/DYO=&5S)B-X03`[
M86YD/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\<"!S='EL93TS1"=-05)'24XM5$]0.B`P
M<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#%P>"<@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X-"CQF;VYT
M('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]L6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/
M33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/@T*/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/
M33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/@T*/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
M,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/@T*/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/
M33H@,7!X)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/@T*/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/@T*/'`@F4],T0Q/CQB/D1E6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,7!X
M)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/@T*/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/CQB/E1O=&%L/"]B/CPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\(2TM($5N9"!486)L92!(
M96%D("TM/CPA+2T@0F5G:6X@5&%B;&4@0F]D>2`M+3X-"CQT6QE/3-$)T-/
M3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2
M.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!C;VQS<&%N/3-$-#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0T/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@8V]L6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$F4],T0R
M/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*/'`@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
M;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO
M='(^#0H\='(@8F=C;VQO6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C
M>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
M;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB
M/C`\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A
M<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B@X-3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
M;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B@X-3PO8CX\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X],T0T/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/
M3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2
M.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$
M;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I
M>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P
M,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F
M)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C
M>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/C4\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C
M>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/C(P/"]B/CPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R
M87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C
M-3DU.34Y)R!S:7IE/3-$,R!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F
M9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!A;&EGCTS1')I
M9VAT('-I>F4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D
M92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
M04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
M04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO
M='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q-CX-
M"CQHF4]
M,T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R
M/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@8V]L6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/CQB/D1EF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT
M('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]T6QE/3-$
M)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O
M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/
M3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!C;VQS<&%N/3-$
M-#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0T/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@8V]L6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C
M>$$P.S4\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P
M.R8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.S4\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C
M>$$P.R8C>$$P.S(V,SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
M;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(@8F=C;VQO6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
MF4],T0R
M/C`\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I
M9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/BDF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T
M>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/BDF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X],T0T/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P
M,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F
M)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT
M('-I>F4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O
M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-
M"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE
M/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS
M1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/C4\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
M04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CD\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N
M8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/C$X,3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N
M;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^#0H\:'(@F4],T0S('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$
M;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I
M>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT
M('-I>F4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O
M/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1'1O<#X-"CQP('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-
M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/D-H86YG92!I;B!U;G)E86QI>F5D(&=A:6YS("AL
M;W-S97,I#0II;F-L=61E9"!I;B!O=&AEF4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4]
M,T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/D%S6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)
M3BU43U`Z(#$R<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>"<@86QI9VX],T1J=7-T
M:69Y/@T*/&9O;G0@2P@=V5R92!R96-O9VYI>F5D(&9O
M2!I
M;B!A;&P@:6YS=&%N8V5S+B!!="!*=6YE)B-X03`[,S`L(#(P,3$@86YD(#(P
M,3`L('=E#0IH96QD(&YO(&-O;6UO;B!A;F0@<')E9F5R7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-
M"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T<"UE<75I=CTS1$-O;G1E;G0M5'EP
M92!C;VYT96YT/3-$)W1E>'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA'0^/&1I=CX-"CQP('-T
M>6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)R!A
M;&EGCTS1&-E;G1E6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@#(P,30[#0I)3E9%3E1/4DE%
M4SPO=3X\+V9O;G0^/"]P/@T*/'`@#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS1&IUF4],T0R/E1H92!C
M;VUP;VYE;G1S(&]F#0II;G9E;G1O6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%21TE.
M+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$R<'@G/@T*)B-X03`[/"]P/@T*
M/'1A8FQE('-T>6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU#3TQ,05!313H@8V]L;&%PF4],T0Q/CQB
M/BA);B!M:6QL:6]NF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]T
MF4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\
M+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@8V]LF4],T0Q/CQB/C(P,3$\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/CQB/C(P,3`\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/"]T6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.S$W,CPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R
M87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB
M/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
M04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C4V/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS
M1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M
M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/D9I;FES:&5D(&=O;V1S/"]F;VYT/CPO<#X-"CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C$L
M,#@T/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T
M>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C
M>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S
M:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1'1O<#X-"CQP('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,F5M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/E1O=&%L/"]F;VYT/CPO<#X-"CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P
M.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N
M/3-$6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU
M.34Y)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S(&YO3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT
M4&%R=%\W8SEF,C4X8U\P8S4P7S0U93)?.3ED.5\U,V8R93EC9C`S-CD-"D-O
M;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-V,Y9C(U.&-?,&,U,%\T-64R
M7SDY9#E?-3-F,F4Y8V8P,S8Y+U=O'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA7!E(&-O;G1E;G0],T0G=&5X="]H=&UL.R!C:&%R'0^/&1I=CX-"CQP('-T>6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU4
M3U`Z(#$X<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>"<@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(^
M#0H\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/CQU/DY/5$4@."`F(W@R,#$T.PT*4%)/4$525%D@04Y$($5154E0345.5#PO
M=3X\+V9O;G0^/"]P/@T*/'`@#L@
M34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS1&IUF4],T0R/E1H92!C;VUP
M;VYE;G1S(&]F#0IP2!A;F0@97%U:7!M96YT('=E"<^#0HF(WA!
M,#L\+W`^#0H\=&%B;&4@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE
M/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS
M1&QE9G0@F4],T0Q/CQB/DIU;F4F(WA!,#LS,"P\+V(^/"]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C
M;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C
M;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$F4],T0R
M/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]T6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/C8L,#@W/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]T
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P
M.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/CQB/C(L,S0U/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I
M9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$
M14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/D-O;7!U=&5R(&5Q=6EP;65N
M="!A;F0-"G-O9G1W87)E/"]F;VYT/CPO<#X-"CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C8L
M-C`Q/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T
M>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%
M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/D9UF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C$L.3DQ
M/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M,T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E
M/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT
M('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P
M)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A
M;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R
M/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]T6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B@X+#8R.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@F4]
M,T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S
M:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE
M/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4]
M,T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0S(&YO
MF4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S('=I
M9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/"$M
M+2!%;F0@5&%B;&4@0F]D>2`M+3X\+W1A8FQE/@T*/'`@#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS1&IU
MF4],T0R/D1U65A'0O:F%V87-C3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA'0^/&1I=CX-"CQP('-T>6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#$X<'@[($U!4D=)
M3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>"<@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(^#0H\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQU/DY/5$4@.2`F(W@R
M,#$T.PT*0E5324Y%4U,@0T]-0DE.051)3TY3/"]U/CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\
M<"!S='EL93TS1"=-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q,G!X.R!-05)'24XM0D]45$]-.B`P
M<'@G(&%L:6=N/3-$:G5S=&EF>3X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@65A<@T*,C`Q,"P@=V4@86-Q=6ER960@9FEV92!E;G1I=&EE2!A;&P@;V8@=VAI8V@@=V%S#0IP86ED(&EN(&-A6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#$X<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P
M>"<^/&9O;G0@#L@34%21TE.
M+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS1&IUF4],T0R/D]N($UA>28C>$$P.S$P
M+"`R,#$Q+"!W90T*86YN;W5N8V5D('1H870@=V4@:&%D(&5N=&5R960@:6YT
M;R!A(&1E9FEN:71I=F4@86=R965M96YT('=I=&@-"E-K>7!E($=L;V)A;"!3
M+B8C>$4P.RYR+FPN("@F(W@R,#%#.U-K>7!E)B-X,C`Q1#LI('5N9&5R('=H
M:6-H('=E#0IW;W5L9"!A8W%U:7)E(%-K>7!E+"!A(&QE861IF<@:6YT97)N
M970@8V]M;75N:6-A=&EOG,@8V]M<&%N>2P@9F]R#0HF;F)S<#LD."XU(&)I
M;&QIVX@:6X@8V%S:"X@5&AE(&%C<75I7!E)B-X,C`Q.3MS#0IB2!A<'!R;W9A;',@86YD#0IO=&AE65A3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\W8SEF,C4X8U\P
M8S4P7S0U93)?.3ED.5\U,V8R93EC9C`S-CD-"D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ
M(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-V,Y9C(U.&-?,&,U,%\T-64R7SDY9#E?-3-F,F4Y8V8P
M,S8Y+U=O'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA#(P,30[#0I'3T]$5TE,3#PO=3X\+V9O;G0^/"]P
M/@T*/'`@#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/
M33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS1&IUF4],T0R/D-H86YG97,@:6X@=&AE(&-A"<^#0HF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H\=&%B
M;&4@"<@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=#X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.V%S/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\<"!S
M='EL93TS1"=-05)'24XM5$]0.B`P<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>"<@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@"<@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T
M>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@"<@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/
M33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/@T*/&9O;G0@"<@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%2
M1TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,7!X)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/@T*/&9O;G0@"<@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.V%S/"]B/CPO
M9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\<"!S='EL93TS1"=-05)'24XM5$]0.B`P<'@[($U!4D=)
M3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>"<@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@"<@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X-
M"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS
M1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@"<@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X-"CQF;VYT('-T
M>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P
M>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/@T*/&9O;G0@
M"<@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X-"CQF
M;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)
M3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,7!X)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT
M/@T*/&9O;G0@"<@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X-"CQF;VYT('-T
M>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.V%S/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\<"!S='EL93TS1"=-05)'24XM
M5$]0.B`P<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>"<@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X-
M"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@"<@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S
M:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@8V]L
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!C;VQS<&%N/3-$-#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0T/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@8V]L6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P
M.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*/'`@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@F4]
M,T0R/C$L,#,X/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO
M=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
M04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C@R/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/B@R/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/BDF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P
M.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/B@R.#0\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C8L,SF4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C`\
M+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS
M1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO
M='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*/'`@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/C,L.3(W/"]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C
M>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C$Q-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C0L,#(T/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO
M8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/CQB/C$S.3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/C@P-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/B@R/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/BDF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C,P/"]B/CPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R
M87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B@Q.3PO8CX\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$
M,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2
M.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C
M9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!A;&EGCTS
M1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O
M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N
M;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@
M6QE/3-$
M)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q('=I9'1H
M/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R(&)G
M8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1'1O<#X-"CQP('-T>6QE
M/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,F5M)SX\9F]N
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M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O
M;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/BDF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.S$T,#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!A
M;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S
M:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-
M"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!S:7IE
M/3-$,R!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS
M1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0S
M(&YOF4],T0S(&YO
MF4],T0S
M('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE
M/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!S:7IE/3-$,R!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D
M92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$
M)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y
M)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S(&YO6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#$R
M<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>"<@86QI9VX],T1J=7-T:69Y/@T*/&9O
M;G0@2!R97%U:7)E(&$@#(P,40[(&9O65A6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#$R<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P
M>"<@86QI9VX],T1J=7-T:69Y/@T*/&9O;G0@3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\W8SEF,C4X
M8U\P8S4P7S0U93)?.3ED.5\U,V8R93EC9C`S-CD-"D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I
M;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-V,Y9C(U.&-?,&,U,%\T-64R7SDY9#E?-3-F,F4Y
M8V8P,S8Y+U=O'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/
M33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS1&-E;G1E6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$
M)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#$R<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>"<@86QI9VX]
M,T1J=7-T:69Y/@T*/&9O;G0@#L@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,G!X)SX-"B8C
M>$$P.SPO<#X-"CQT86)L92!S='EL93TS1"="3U)$15(M0T],3$%04T4Z(&-O
M;&QA<'-E)R!B;W)D97(],T0P(&-E;&QS<&%C:6YG/3-$,"!C96QL<&%D9&EN
M9STS1#`@=VED=&@],T0Q,#`E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/@T*/"$M+2!"96=I
M;B!486)L92!(96%D("TM/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-#`E/CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-"4^/"]T9#X-"CQT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0T)3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#0E/CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-"4^/"]T9#X-"CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0T
M)3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#0E/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0Q/CQB/BA);B!M:6QL:6]NF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$
M,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q
M/CQB/D%C8W5M=6QA=&5D/&)R("\^#0I!;6]R=&EZ871IVX\+V(^/"]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/CQB/DYE="8C>$$P.T-AF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/CQB/D=R;W-S/&)R("\^#0I#87)R>6EN9SQBF%T:6]N/"]B/CPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
M6EN9SQB2`M+3X-"CQT6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE
M9G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/CQB/C(P,3$\+V(^/"]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/CQB/C(P,3`\+V(^/"]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]T6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P
M.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B@Y-C8\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/BDF(WA!,#L\
M+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I
M>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$F4],T0R/CQB
M/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B@Y,30\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4
M.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/E1E8VAN;VQO9WDM8F%S960F(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)U!/4TE424]..B!R96QA=&EV93L@0D]4
M5$]-.B`P+CAE>#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)A6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB
M/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB
M/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
M04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B@Y.#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P
M.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I
M9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/BDF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P
M.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/B@R,#@\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C$X,CPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R
M87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T-/
M3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2
M.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D
M92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH
M6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE
M9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4]
M,T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q
M(&YOF4]
M,T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R
M/@T*/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1'1O<#X-
M"CQP('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
M,F5M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/E1O=&%L/"]F;VYT/CPO<#X-"CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
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M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H\
M:'(@F4],T0S('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!S:7IE/3-$,R!N;W-H
M861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*
M/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/
M3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S('=I9'1H/3-$
M,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$
M)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!S:7IE/3-$,R!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O
M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/
M3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!A
M;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S(&YO6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@
M34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#9P>"<^#0HF(WA!,#L\
M+W`^#0H\=&%B;&4@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@2UB87-E9"!I;G1A;F=I8FQE(&%S$$P.S,P+"`R,#$Q(&%N9"`R,#$P+"!R97-P96-T:79E;'DL(&]F
M#0IN970@8V%R6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)
M3BU43U`Z(#$R<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>"<@86QI9VX],T1J=7-T
M:69Y/@T*/&9O;G0@#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#%P
M>"<^#0HF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H\<"!S='EL93TS1"=-05)'24XM5$]0.B`P<'@[
M($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>"<@86QI9VX],T1J=7-T:69Y/@T*/&9O;G0@
M6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%2
M1TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$R<'@G/@T*)B-X03`[/"]P
M/@T*/'1A8FQE('-T>6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU#3TQ,05!313H@8V]L;&%PF4],T0Q
M/CQB/D%M;W5N=#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I
M9VAT/@T*/'`@F4],T0Q/CQB/E=E:6=H=&5D/"]B/CPO9F]N
M=#X\+W`^#0H\<"!S='EL93TS1"=-05)'24XM5$]0.B`P<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"
M3U143TTZ(#%P>"<@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.TQI
M9F4\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO<#X-"CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q
M/CQB/D%M;W5N=#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I
M9VAT/@T*/'`@F4],T0Q/CQB/E=E:6=H=&5D/"]B/CPO9F]N
M=#X\+W`^#0H\<"!S='EL93TS1"=-05)'24XM5$]0.B`P<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"
M3U143TTZ(#%P>"<@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.TQI
M9F4\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO<#X-"CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q/CQB/EEE87(@16YD960@2G5N928C>$$P.S,P+#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!C;VQS<&%N/3-$
M-#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0T/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@8V]L6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@65A6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%
M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/E1E8VAN;VQO9WDM
M8F%S960\+V9O;G0^/"]P/@T*/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB
M/C,F(WA!,#MY96%R6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R
M/C,R,CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M,T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@65A6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M
M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/DUAF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
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M;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.WEE87)S/"]B
M/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N
M;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M
M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/D-U6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M65AF4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@65A6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$
M;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I
M>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H\
M:'(@F4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/"]T6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C,F
M(WA!,#MY96%R6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T
M>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.WEE
M87)S/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS
M1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X-"CQHF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!S:7IE/3-$,R!N;W-H
M861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*
M/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@2`M+3X\+W1A8FQE/@T*/'`@#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS
M1&IUF4],T0R/DEN=&%N9VEB;&4@87-S971S#0IA;6]R=&EZ871IVX@97AP
M96YS92!W87,@)FYB65A2X-"D%M;W)T:7IA
M=&EOB!O9B!C87!I=&%L:7IE9"!S;V9T=V%R92!W87,@)FYB3X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F%T:6]N(&5X<&5N6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%21TE.
M+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$R<'@G/@T*)B-X03`[/"]P/@T*
M/'1A8FQE('-T>6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU#3TQ,05!313H@8V]L;&%PF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]T
MF4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\
M+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@8V]L6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.S,P+#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\
M='(^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!C;VQS<&%N/3-$-#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.S,Y,#PO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^
M/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/C(T,CPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^
M/&9O;G0@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/C8X/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]T
MF4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
M,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/C(P,38\+V9O;G0^/"]P/@T*/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/C<\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H
M861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C
M0T-%149&/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1'1O<#X-"CQP('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M
M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,F5M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/E1O=&%L/"]F;VYT/CPO
M<#X-"CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/CF4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H\:'(@F4],T0S('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E
M/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/"$M+2!%;F0@5&%B;&4@0F]D
M>2`M+3X\+W1A8FQE/@T*/"]D:78^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@
M("`\+W1R/@T*("`@(#PO=&%B;&4^#0H@(#PO8F]D>3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*
M+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\W8SEF,C4X8U\P8S4P7S0U93)?.3ED.5\U,V8R
M93EC9C`S-CD-"D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-V,Y9C(U
M.&-?,&,U,%\T-64R7SDY9#E?-3-F,F4Y8V8P,S8Y+U=O'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA7!E(&-O;G1E;G0],T0G=&5X="]H=&UL.R!C
M:&%R'0^/&1I=CX-
M"CQP('-T>6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#$X<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ
M(#!P>"<@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(^#0H\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQU/DY/5$4@,3(@)B-X,C`Q-#L-"D1%
M0E0\+W4^/"]F;VYT/CPO<#X-"CQP('-T>6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#$R
M<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>"<^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#$R<'@[($U!
M4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>"<@86QI9VX],T1J=7-T:69Y/@T*/&9O;G0@#L@
M34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS1&IUF4],T0R/D]N($YO=F5M
M8F5R)B-X03`[-2P@,C`Q,"P-"F]U2!C0T*
M2!O9B!T:&4@<&5R:6]D6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#$R<'@[($U!
M4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>"<@86QI9VX],T1J=7-T:69Y/@T*/&9O;G0@6EN9R!V86QU92!A;F0-
M"F5S=&EM871E9"!F86ER('9A;'5E(&]F("9N8G-P.R0T+CD@8FEL;&EOB!A
M;F0@)FYB2UT3X-
M"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@'0@9FEV92!Y96%R6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@
M34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$R<'@G/@T*)B-X03`[
M/"]P/@T*/'1A8FQE('-T>6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU#3TQ,05!313H@8V]L;&%P
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO
M=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@8V]L6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.S,P+#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO
M='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!C;VQS<&%N/3-$-#X\+W1D/@T*
M/"]TF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&
M5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/C(P,3,\+V9O;G0^/"]P/@T*/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4]
M,T0R/C,L,#`P/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO
M=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
M04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS
M1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/C(L-3`P/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$
M;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1'1O<#X-"CQP('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4
M.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,F5M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/E1O=&%L/"]F;VYT/CPO<#X-"CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P
M.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.S$R+#`P,#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H\:'(@F4],T0S('=I9'1H/3-$
M,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/"$M+2!%;F0@
M5&%B;&4@0F]D>2`M+3X\+W1A8FQE/@T*/'`@#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#%P>"<^
M#0HF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H\<"!S='EL93TS1"=-05)'24XM5$]0.B`P<'@[($U!
M4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>"<@86QI9VX],T1J=7-T:69Y/@T*/&9O;G0@#L@34%21TE.
M+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS1&IUF4],T0R/E1H92!C;VUP;VYE;G1S
M(&]F#0IL;VYG+71E"<^#0HF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H\=&%B;&4@F4],T0Q/CQB
M/D1U92!$871E/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/CQB
M/D9A8V4@5F%L=64\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]L6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%21TE.+4)/
M5%1/33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/@T*/&9O;G0@"<@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X-"CQF
M;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT/@T*/'`@F4],T0Q/CQB/D5F9F5C=&EV93QB
M6QE/3-$)TU!
M4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,7!X)R!A;&EGCTS1')I
M9VAT/@T*/&9O;G0@"<@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X-"CQF;VYT
M('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z
M(#!P>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,7!X)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/@T*/&9O
M;G0@"<@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X-"CQF;VYT('-T
M>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P
M>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,7!X)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/@T*/&9O;G0@
M"<@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%2
M1TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,7!X)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/@T*/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]L6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/
M33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/@T*/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/CQB/E!A>0T*1&%T93PO8CX\+V9O
M;G0^/"]P/@T*/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$
M,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D
M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/CQB/BA);B8C>$$P.VUI;&QI
M;VYS*3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
M;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
M;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
M;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$
M,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\
M9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$
M,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N
M/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$
M,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\
M9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N
M="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C
M>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
M;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C$N,#`P)3PO8CX\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.S$U/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P
M.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/CQB/DUAF4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P
M.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R
M/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*/'`@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.S$L(#(P,30\+V9O;G0^/"]P/@T*/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO
M8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/CQB/C,N,#0Y)3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P
M.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/DYO=F5M8F5R(#$U/"]B/CPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^
M/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/D1E8V5M8F5R(#$\
M+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS
M1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^
M#0H\='(@8F=C;VQO6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P
M.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/DUAF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/DUA
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/CQB/E-E<'1E;6)E6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C
M>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$=&]P/@T*/'`@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB
M/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
M04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P
M.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/D9E8G)U87)Y
M)B-X03`[,3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@28C>$$P.S@\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO
M8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C
M>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
M;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C
M>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(@8F=C;VQO
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P
M.S$L(#(P,3D\+V9O;G0^/"]P/@T*/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4]
M,T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/CQB/C0N,S6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO
M8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/DYO=F5M8F5R(#$U/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O
M;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
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M='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*/'`@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.S$L(#(P
M,C`\+V9O;G0^/"]P/@T*/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
M;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB
M/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C,N
M,3,W)3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/E-E<'1E;6)E6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R
M/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(@
M8F=C;VQO6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB
M/C4P,#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
MF4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/D9E8G)U87)Y(#$\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C
M>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@F4]
M,T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/CQB/C4N,C0P)3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO
M8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/DYO=F5M8F5R(#$U/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O
M;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
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M='(@8F=C;VQO6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.S$L(#(P-#`\+V9O;G0^/"]P/@T*/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB
M/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
M04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C0N-38W)3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/E-E<'1E;6)E
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*/'`@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB
M/C$L,#`P/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N
M;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/CQB/C4N,S`P)3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO
M8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@2`X/"]B
M/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N
M;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/D%U9W5S
M="`Q/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB
M/D%U9W5S="`X/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
M;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
M6QE/3-$
M)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,F5M)SX\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/E1O=&%L/"]F
M;VYT/CPO<#X-"CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I
M>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C$P+#6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
M;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q
M/CQB/D-O;G9EF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N
M="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N
M="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\
M9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N
M="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.S$U+"`R,#$S/"]F;VYT/CPO<#X-"CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/CQB/C$L,C4P/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO
M8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/CQB/C`N,#`P)3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P
M.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE
M/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/E1O=&%L
M('5N86UOF5D(&1IF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/CQB/B@W.3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X],T0T/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2
M.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C
M9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(@8F=C;VQO6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB
M/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.S$Q+#DR,3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
M;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
M;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]T
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C
M-3DU.34Y)R!S:7IE/3-$,R!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F
M9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CPO='(^#0H\(2TM($5N9"!486)L92!";V1Y("TM/CPO=&%B;&4^#0H\<"!S
M='EL93TS1"=-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q,G!X.R!-05)'24XM0D]45$]-.B`P<'@G
M(&%L:6=N/3-$:G5S=&EF>3X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.S,P+"`R,#$P
M.CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\<"!S='EL93TS1"=-05)'24XM5$]0.B`P<'@[($U!
M4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>#L@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,G!X)SX-"B8C>$$P.SPO
M<#X-"CQT86)L92!S='EL93TS1"="3U)$15(M0T],3$%04T4Z(&-O;&QA<'-E
M)R!B;W)D97(],T0P(&-E;&QS<&%C:6YG/3-$,"!C96QL<&%D9&EN9STS1#`@
M=VED=&@],T0Q,#`E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/@T*/"$M+2!"96=I;B!486)L
M92!(96%D("TM/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,S(E/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^/"]T9#X-"CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0R)3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^
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M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/@T*/'`@F4],T0Q/CQB/E-T871E9#QB6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%21TE.
M+4)/5%1/33H@,7!X)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/@T*/&9O;G0@"<@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=#X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@F4],T0Q/CQB/E)A=&4\+V(^/"]F
M;VYT/CPO<#X-"CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I
M>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]L6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)R!A
M;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/@T*/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/CQB/E)E8V]R9"8C>$$P.T1A=&4\+V(^/"]F;VYT
M/CPO<#X-"CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@8V]L6QE
M/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)R!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT/@T*/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/CQB/E!A>28C>$$P.T1A=&4\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO<#X-
M"CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@8V]L6QE/3-$)TU!
M4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS1')I
M9VAT/@T*/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/CQB/E)E8V]R9`T*1&%T93PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]P/@T*/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS
M<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/@T*/'`@F4],T0Q/CQB
M/DEN=&5R97-T/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\<"!S='EL93TS1"=-05)'24XM
M5$]0.B`P<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#%P>"<@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X-
M"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@2`M+3X-"CQT6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE
M9G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I
M9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(^
M#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!C;VQS<&%N/3-$-#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&-O;'-P
M86X],T0T/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\
M='(^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!C;VQS<&%N/3-$-#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&-O
M;'-P86X],T0T/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@8V]L6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
MF4],T0R
M/DUA>28C>$$P.S$U/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/DIU;F4F(WA!,#LQ
M/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO
M=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/DYO=F5M8F5R)B-X03`[,34\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0R/C$L,#`P
M/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO
M=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C0N,C`P)3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C
M>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/DIU;F4@,3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R
M/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0R/C6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C
M>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/DUA>2`Q-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE
M/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS
M1&QE9G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
M;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
M;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(@8F=C;VQO6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!C;VQS
M<&%N/3-$-#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0T/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@8V]L
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]T6QE
M/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/DIU;F4F
M(WA!,#LQ-2P@,C`Q,SPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C$L,C4P/"]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P
M.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C`N,#`P)3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
M;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0R
M/B@V,3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M,T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4]
M,T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M
M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,F5M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/E1O=&%L/"]F;VYT/CPO<#X-"CPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL
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M>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/
M3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!S:7IE/3-$,R!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2
M.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^
M#0H\(2TM($5N9"!486)L92!";V1Y("TM/CPO=&%B;&4^#0H\<"!S='EL93TS
M1"=-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q.'!X.R!-05)'24XM0D]45$]-.B`P<'@G/CQF;VYT
M('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#$R
M<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>"<@86QI9VX],T1J=7-T:69Y/@T*/&9O
M;G0@#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X
M.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#%P>"<^#0HF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H\<"!S='EL93TS1"=-
M05)'24XM5$]0.B`P<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>"<^/&9O;G0@3X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F5R;R!C;W5P;VX@8V]N=F5R=&EB&4@=6YS96-U#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X
M)R!A;&EGCTS1&IUF4],T0R/D5A8V@@)FYB$$P.S,P+"`R,#$Q+"!T:&4@;F5T(&-AF5D(&1I6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z
M(#$R<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>"<@86QI9VX],T1J=7-T:69Y/@T*
M/&9O;G0@$$P.S$U+`T*,C`Q,RP@=&AE(&YO=&5S('=I;&P@
M8F4@8V]N=F5R=&EB&4L(&]N;'D@:6X@8V5R=&%I;B!C:7)C=6US=&%N8V5S
M+`T*:6YT;R!C87-H(&%N9"P@:68@87!P;&EC86)L92P@8V%S:"P@0T*=&EM92X@57!O;B!C;VYV97)S:6]N+"!W92!W
M:6QL('!A>2!C87-H('5P('1O('1H92!A9V=R96=A=&4-"G!R:6YC:7!A;"!A
M;6]U;G0@;V8@=&AE(&YO=&5S(&%N9"!P87D@;W(@9&5L:79E6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU4
M3U`Z(#$R<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>"<@86QI9VX],T1J=7-T:69Y
M/@T*/&9O;G0@2!S971T;&5D(&EN(&-A2!A8V-O=6YT(&9O#(P,3D[(&5Q=6ET>2!F;W(@)FYB3X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@'1087)T7S=C.68R-3AC7S!C-3!?
M-#5E,E\Y.60Y7S4S9C)E.6-F,#,V.0T*0V]N=&5N="U,;V-A=&EOCH@9FEL
M93HO+R]#.B\W8SEF,C4X8U\P8S4P7S0U93)?.3ED.5\U,V8R93EC9C`S-CDO
M5V]R:W-H965T'0O:F%V87-C3X-"B`@
M("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA'0^/&1I=CX-"CQP('-T>6QE/3-$)TU!
M4D=)3BU43U`Z(#$X<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>"<@86QI9VX],T1C
M96YT97(^#0H\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/CQU/DY/5$4@,3,@)B-X,C`Q-#L@24Y#3TU%#0I405A%4SPO=3X\
M+V9O;G0^/"]P/@T*/'`@#L@34%2
M1TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS1&IUF4],T0R/E1H92!C;VUP;VYE
M;G1S(&]F('1H90T*<')O=FES:6]N(&9O#L@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,G!X)SX-
M"B8C>$$P.SPO<#X-"CQT86)L92!S='EL93TS1"="3U)$15(M0T],3$%04T4Z
M(&-O;&QA<'-E)R!B;W)D97(],T0P(&-E;&QS<&%C:6YG/3-$,"!C96QL<&%D
M9&EN9STS1#`@=VED=&@],T0Q,#`E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/@T*/"$M+2!"
M96=I;B!486)L92!(96%D("TM/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-SDE/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,R4^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#,E/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*
M/'1R/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,3(^/&9O;G0@
M6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E
M/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR
M('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q
M/CQB/C(P,3$\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q
M/CQB/C(P,3`\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q
M/CQB/C(P,#D\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]T&5S/"]B
M/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]T6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.S,L,3`X/"]B/CPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^
M/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
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M/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS
M1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C$Y,CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@
M6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/C$L-S`Q/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C$L
M,3,Y/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS
M1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H
M861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF
M;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P
M,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F
M)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/C8L-#F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C0L-#DP
M/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO
M=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!C;VQS<&%N/3-$
M-#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0T/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@8V]L6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4]
M,T0R/B@R,C`\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S
M:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4]
M,T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q
M(&YOF4]
M,T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R
M/@T*/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1'1O<#X-
M"CQP('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
M,F5M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/E!R;W9I&5S/"]F;VYT/CPO<#X-"CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N
M8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L
M:6=N/3-$6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4]
M,T0S(&YOF4],T0S
M(&YOF4]
M,T0S('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!S:7IE/3-$,R!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S
M:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE
M/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@3X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@#L@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,G!X)SX-"B8C>$$P.SPO<#X-
M"CQT86)L92!S='EL93TS1"="3U)$15(M0T],3$%04T4Z(&-O;&QA<'-E)R!B
M;W)D97(],T0P(&-E;&QS<&%C:6YG/3-$,"!C96QL<&%D9&EN9STS1#`@=VED
M=&@],T0Q,#`E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/@T*/"$M+2!"96=I;B!486)L92!(
M96%D("TM/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-SDE/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,R4^/"]T9#X-"CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#,E/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,3(^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$
M)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O
M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/
M3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/CQB/C(P,3$\+V(^
M/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/CQB/C(P,3`\+V(^
M/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/CQB/C(P,#D\+V(^
M/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4
M.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/DEN=&5R;F%T:6]N86P\+V9O;G0^
M/"]P/@T*/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C$T
M+#(Y,CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M,T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE
M/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D
M92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$
M)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P
M)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$
M;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1'1O<#X-"CQP('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4
M.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,F5M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/DEN8V]M92!B969O&5S/"]F;VYT/CPO<#X-"CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D
M92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH
M6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,R!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE
M9G0@$$P.SPO<#X-"CQP('-T>6QE/3-$
M)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS
M1&IUF4],T0R/E1H92!I=&5M6QE/3-$
M)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X.R!&3TY4+5-)
M6D4Z(#$R<'@G/@T*)B-X03`[/"]P/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C
M,#`P,#`P)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@F4],T0Q/CQB/EEE87(@16YD960@2G5N928C>$$P
M.S,P+#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
M;G0@2!R871E/"]F;VYT/CPO<#X-"CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/CQB/C,U+C`E/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF
M;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
M,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/D5F9F5C="!O9CH\+V9O;G0^/"]P/@T*/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(@8F=C;VQO6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4]
M,T0R/B@Q,BXQ*24\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C
M>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]T6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS
M1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,F5M
M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/D]T:&5R(')E8V]N8VEL:6YG(&ET96US+`T*;F5T/"]F;VYT/CPO<#X-"CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C
M>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B@P+C(I)3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/C(N,24\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C
M,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F
M9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!A;&EGCTS1')I
M9VAT('-I>F4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO
M=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1'1O<#X-"CQP('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'
M24XM3$5&5#H@,V5M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
M04PG('-I>F4],T0R/D5F9F5C=&EV92!R871E/"]F;VYT/CPO<#X-"CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P
M.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/CQB/C$W+C4E/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I
M9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0S(&YO
MF4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S('=I
M9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$
M)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!S:7IE/3-$,R!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O
M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/
M3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@3X-
M"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@65A2!S:6=N:69I
M8V%N="!O=&AE6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#$R<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>"<@
M86QI9VX],T1J=7-T:69Y/@T*/&9O;G0@#L@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,G!X)SX-
M"B8C>$$P.SPO<#X-"CQT86)L92!S='EL93TS1"="3U)$15(M0T],3$%04T4Z
M(&-O;&QA<'-E)R!B;W)D97(],T0P(&-E;&QS<&%C:6YG/3-$,"!C96QL<&%D
M9&EN9STS1#`@=VED=&@],T0Q,#`E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/@T*/"$M+2!"
M96=I;B!486)L92!(96%D("TM/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$.#@E/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,R4^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q('=I
M9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R
M/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@8V]LF4],T0Q/CQB/C(P,3$\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/CQB/C(P,3`\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]T
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M"!!F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C
M;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/C$L,#F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
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M/"]T'!E
M;G-E(&ET96US/"]F;VYT/CPO<#X-"CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C$L-#$Q/"]B
M/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N
M;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$
M14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/E5N96%R;F5D(')E=F5N=64\
M+V9O;G0^/"]P/@T*/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M
M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/D]T:&5R(')E=F5N=64@
M:71E;7,\+V9O;G0^/"]P/@T*/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB
M/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE
M/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS
M1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0Q
M(&YOF4],T0Q(&YO
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P
M.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$
M;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T
M>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@F4]
M,T0Q/CQB/D1E9F5RF4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C
M;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^
M/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$F4],T0R/CQB/BDF(WA!
M,#L\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT
M('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
M04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.R@Q+#`U-CPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O
M;G0@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&
M5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/E5N6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO
M8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/BDF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\
M='(@8F=C;VQO6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@F4],T0R/BDF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
M,T0T/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N
M;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@
M6QE/3-$
M)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0R/CQB/BDF(WA!,#L\+V(^
M/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS
M1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/BDF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\
M='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X],T0T/@T*/&AR('-T
M>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S
M:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE
M/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P
M,#`P)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q(&YO`T*87-S971S/"]F;VYT/CPO<#X-"CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^
M/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^#0H\:'(@F4],T0S('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D
M92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH
M6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,R!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE
M9G0@F4],T0Q/CQB/E)E<&]R=&5D($%S/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/"]T6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/C(L-#8W/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
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M04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]T`T*;&EA8FEL:71I97,\+V9O;G0^/"]P/@T*/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B@R
M,CD\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$
M;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1'1O<#X-"CQP('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4
M.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,V5M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/DYE="!D969E6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/C$L,#$Q
M/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M,T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/C$L.34U/"]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C
M>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!S:7IE/3-$,R!N
M;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@
M6QE/3-$
M)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S(&YO6QE/3-$
M)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#$R<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>"<@86QI9VX]
M,T1J=7-T:69Y/@T*/&9O;G0@2!D:69F97)E;F-E3X-"CQF;VYT('-T
M>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@&5S(&]R(&9O
M2!D:69F97)E
M;F-EF5D(&1E9F5R"!L:6%B:6QI='D-"F%S2`F;F)S<#LD,30N,@T*8FEL
M;&EOBX\+V9O;G0^/"]P/@T*/'`@#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS1&IUF4],T0R/DEN8V]M
M92!T87AE2X\
M+V9O;G0^/"]P/@T*/'`@#L@34%2
M1TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#%P>"<^#0HF(WA!,#L\+W`^
M#0H\<"!S='EL93TS1"=-05)'24XM5$]0.B`P<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ
M(#!P>"<^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#$R<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U14
M3TTZ(#!P>"<@86QI9VX],T1J=7-T:69Y/@T*/&9O;G0@F5D('1A>`T*8F5N969I
M=',@;V8@=VAI8V@@)FYBF5D
M+"!W;W5L9"!H879E(&%F9F5C=&5D#0IO=7(@969F96-T:79E('1A>"!R871E
M+CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\<"!S='EL93TS1"=-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q,G!X.R!-
M05)'24XM0D]45$]-.B`P<'@G(&%L:6=N/3-$:G5S=&EF>3X-"CQF;VYT('-T
M>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F5D#0IT87@@8F5N969I=',@=V%S("9N8G-P.R0S."!M
M:6QL:6]N+"`F;F)S<#LD,3DS(&UI&QIVXL(&%N9"`F;F)S<#LD,C,P(&UI
M;&QIVX@:6X-"F9I$$P.S,P+"`R,#$Q+"`R,#$P
M+"!A;F0@,C`P.2P@=V4@:&%D(&%C8W)U960@:6YT97)E"!P;W-I=&EOG,@;V8@)FYB3X-
M"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%21TE.+4)/
M5%1/33H@,'!X.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$R<'@G/@T*)B-X03`[/"]P/@T*/'1A
M8FQE('-T>6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU#3TQ,05!313H@8V]L;&%PF4],T0Q/CQB/BA);B!M:6QL:6]NF4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q(&YOF4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M
M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/D)A;&%N8V4L(&)E9VEN
M;FEN9R!O9B!Y96%R/"]F;VYT/CPO<#X-"CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%
M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,F5M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/D1E8W)E87-EF4],T0R/B@U-SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^
M/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A
M;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@F4],T0R/BDF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^
M#0H\='(@8F=C;VQO6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,F5M)SX\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/DEN8W)E
M87-EF4],T0R/CQB/B8C
M>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT
M/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]T"!P;W-I=&EOG,@65A
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
MF4],T0R/BDF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R
M/BDF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$=&]P/@T*/'`@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B@Q-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@
MF4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS
M1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/BDF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X],T0T/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE
M/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D
M92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$
M)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P
M)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$
M;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1'1O<#X-"CQP('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4
M.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
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M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D
M92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH
M6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,R!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE
M9G0@3X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@65A65A2!R96QA=&5D('1O('1R
M86YS9F5R#0IP2X@5V4@9&\@;F]T(&)E;&EE=F4@:70@:7,-"G)E
M87-O;F%B;'D@<&]S2!I
M;F-R96%S92!O'0@,3(-"FUO;G1H
M&%M:6YA=&EO
M;B!B>2!T:&4@22Y2+E,N(&9O65A3X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@2!J=7)I2!L;V-A;"!T87@@875T:&]R:71I97,N(%1H92!R97-O
M;'5T:6]N'1087)T7S=C.68R-3AC7S!C-3!?-#5E,E\Y.60Y7S4S9C)E.6-F,#,V
M.0T*0V]N=&5N="U,;V-A=&EOCH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\W8SEF,C4X8U\P8S4P
M7S0U93)?.3ED.5\U,V8R93EC9C`S-CDO5V]R:W-H965T'0O:F%V87-C3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS1&-E;G1E6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/
M33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS1&IUF4],T0R/E5N96%R;F5D(')E=F5N=64-"F-O
M;7!R:7-E6UE;G1S(&9O6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#$R<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U14
M3TTZ(#!P>"<@86QI9VX],T1J=7-T:69Y/@T*/&9O;G0@F5D#0IR871A8FQY
M(&]V97(@=&AE(&)I;&QIF<@8V]V97)A9V4@<&5R:6]D+CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^
M#0H\<"!S='EL93TS1"=-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q.'!X.R!-05)'24XM0D]45$]-
M.B`P<'@G/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)TU!
M4D=)3BU43U`Z(#$R<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>"<@86QI9VX],T1J
M=7-T:69Y/@T*/&9O;G0@"!,259%('-U8G-C#L@34%21TE.
M+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#%P>"<^#0HF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H\
M<"!S='EL93TS1"=-05)'24XM5$]0.B`P<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P
M>"<@86QI9VX],T1J=7-T:69Y/@T*/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X.R!&
M3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$R<'@G/@T*)B-X03`[/"]P/@T*/'1A8FQE('-T>6QE/3-$
M)T)/4D1%4BU#3TQ,05!313H@8V]L;&%PF4],T0Q/CQB/BA);B!M:6QL:6]NF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS
M<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N
M/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE
M/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS
M1&QE9G0@F4],T0Q/CQB/DIU;F4F(WA!,#LS,"P\+V(^/"]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C
M;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C
M;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P
M.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N
M/3-$F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P
M.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P
M.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]T6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@F4],T0R/C(L-C4P/"]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A
M<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$
M;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1'1O<#X-"CQP('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4
M.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,F5M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/E1O=&%L/"]F;VYT/CPO<#X-"CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N
M8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L
M:6=N/3-$F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO
M8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
MF4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/"]TF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2
M.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!S:7IE/3-$,R!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C
M9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!A;&EGCTS
M1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S(&YO6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#$R<'@[($U!4D=)
M3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>"<@86QI9VX],T1J=7-T:69Y/@T*/&9O;G0@#L@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,G!X)SX-"B8C>$$P.SPO<#X-"CQT86)L92!S='EL
M93TS1"="3U)$15(M0T],3$%04T4Z(&-O;&QA<'-E)R!B;W)D97(],T0P(&-E
M;&QS<&%C:6YG/3-$,"!C96QL<&%D9&EN9STS1#`@=VED=&@],T0Q,#`E(&%L
M:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/@T*/"$M+2!"96=I;B!486)L92!(96%D("TM/@T*/'1R
M/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$.#@E/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$,R4^/"]T9#X-"CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]L
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D
M92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@8V]LF4],T0Q/CQB/C(P,3$\+V(^/"]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/CQB/C(P,3`\+V(^/"]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]T6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.R9A;7`[(%=I;F1O=W,@3&EV90T*1&EV:7-I
M;VX\+V9O;G0^/"]P/@T*/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
M;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/C$L-S@R/"]B/CPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^
M/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/C$L-S`Q/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/CQB/C8L-34R/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF
M;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/DUI8W)O
M6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A
M;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/"]TF4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q('=I
M9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R
M(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1'1O<#X-"CQP('-T
M>6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,F5M)SX\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/E1O
M=&%L/"]F;VYT/CPO<#X-"CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF
M;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
M04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]T
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C
M-3DU.34Y)R!S:7IE/3-$,R!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F
M9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!A;&EGCTS1')I
M9VAT('-I>F4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S(&YO7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-
M"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T<"UE<75I=CTS1$-O;G1E;G0M5'EP
M92!C;VYT96YT/3-$)W1E>'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS1&-E;G1E
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@#L@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,G!X)SX-
M"B8C>$$P.SPO<#X-"CQT86)L92!S='EL93TS1"="3U)$15(M0T],3$%04T4Z
M(&-O;&QA<'-E)R!B;W)D97(],T0P(&-E;&QS<&%C:6YG/3-$,"!C96QL<&%D
M9&EN9STS1#`@=VED=&@],T0Q,#`E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/@T*/"$M+2!"
M96=I;B!486)L92!(96%D("TM/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$.#@E/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,R4^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q('=I
M9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R
M/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@8V]LF4],T0Q/CQB/C(P,3$\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/CQB/C(P,3`\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]T
M6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@`T*;&EA8FEL:71I97,\+V9O;G0^/"]P/@T*/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/CF4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
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MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C(W-CPO8CX\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/C(S-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT
M/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H
M861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C
M0T-%149&/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1'1O<#X-"CQP('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M
M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,F5M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/E1O=&%L/"]F;VYT/CPO
M<#X-"CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H\
M:'(@F4],T0S('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!S:7IE/3-$,R!N;W-H
M861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/"]T86)L93X-"@T*#0H\+V1I=CX\'0O
M:F%V87-C3X-"B`@("`\
M=&%B;&4@8VQA#(P,30[#0I#3TU-251-14Y44R!!3D0@1U5!4D%.5$5%4SPO=3X\+V9O;G0^
M/"]P/@T*/'`@#L@34%21TE.+4)/
M5%1/33H@,'!X)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/D-O;G-T6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#$R
M<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>"<@86QI9VX],T1J=7-T:69Y/@T*/&9O
M;G0@6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#$R
M<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>"<@86QI9VX],T1J=7-T:69Y/@T*/&9O
M;G0@2X@1G5T=7)E(&UIFEM=6T@"<^#0HF(WA!,#L\
M+W`^#0H\=&%B;&4@F4],T0Q/CQB/BA);B!M:6QL:6]NF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$
M,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE
M9G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]T
M6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&
M5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/C(P,3(\+V9O;G0^/"]P/@T*/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I
M9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I
M9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
M04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T
M>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C
M>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H\:'(@F4],T0S('=I9'1H
M/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/"$M+2!%
M;F0@5&%B;&4@0F]D>2`M+3X\+W1A8FQE/@T*/'`@#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#%P
M>"<^#0HF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H\<"!S='EL93TS1"=-05)'24XM5$]0.B`P<'@[
M($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>"<^/&9O;G0@3X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@2!T;R!M86ME(&$@#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)SX\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/EEA:&]O
M(2!#;VUM97)C:6%L#0I!9W)E96UE;G0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO<#X-"CQP('-T
M>6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#$R<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>"<@
M86QI9VX],T1J=7-T:69Y/@T*/&9O;G0@$$P.S0L(#(P,#DL#0IW
M92!E;G1E&-L
M=7-I=F4@86QG;W)I=&AM:6,@86YD('!A:60@65A3X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@2X@5&AE&-E<'0@:6X@=&AE(&-A
M#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X
M)R!A;&EGCTS1&IUF4],T0R/DUI8W)O6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#$R<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>"<@
M86QI9VX],T1J=7-T:69Y/@T*/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@#L@
M34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS1&IUF4],T0R/E1H92!C:&%N
M9V5S(&EN(&]U<@T*86=G"<^#0HF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H\=&%B
M;&4@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\(2TM($5N9"!486)L92!(96%D("TM
M/CPA+2T@0F5G:6X@5&%B;&4@0F]D>2`M+3X-"CQTF4],T0Q(&YO6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q
M/CQB/C(P,3$\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q
M/CQB/C(P,3`\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]T6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/C(T,#PO8CX\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
M,F5M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/D%C8W)U86QS(&9O6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO
M8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
M,F5M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/D%D:G5S=&UEG1S('1O('!R92UE>&ES=&EN9PT*=V%RF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]T
M0T*8VQA:6US/"]F;VYT/CPO<#X-"CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&
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M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S
M:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-
M"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE
M/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS
M1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.S$W,CPO8CX\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!A;&EGCTS1')I
M9VAT('-I>F4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S(&YO3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\W8SEF,C4X8U\P
M8S4P7S0U93)?.3ED.5\U,V8R93EC9C`S-CD-"D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ
M(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-V,Y9C(U.&-?,&,U,%\T-64R7SDY9#E?-3-F,F4Y8V8P
M,S8Y+U=O'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA'0^/&1I=CX-"CQP('-T>6QE
M/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#$X<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>"<@86QI
M9VX],T1C96YT97(^#0H\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
M04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQU/DY/5$4@,3<@)B-X,C`Q-#L-"D-/3E1)3D=%3D-)
M15,\+W4^/"]F;VYT/CPO<#X-"CQP('-T>6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#$R
M<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>"<^/&9O;G0@#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS
M1&IUF4],T0R/E-I;F-E(#(P,#$L('=E(&AA=F4@8F5E;@T*'!I2`R,#$Q+CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\<"!S='EL
M93TS1"=-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q,G!X.R!-05)'24XM0D]45$]-.B`P<'@G(&%L
M:6=N/3-$:G5S=&EF>3X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@2P@86YD('-E8W5R:71Y(&ES#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X.R!&3TY4
M+5-)6D4Z(#%P>"<^#0HF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H\<"!S='EL93TS1"=-05)'24XM
M5$]0.B`P<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>"<^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#$R
M<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>"<@86QI9VX],T1J=7-T:69Y/@T*/&9O
M;G0@6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU4
M3U`Z(#$R<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>"<@86QI9VX],T1J=7-T:69Y
M/@T*/&9O;G0@2!I&EM871E'D@)FYB
M&EM=6T-"F%M
M;W5N="P@9&5P96YD:6YG(&]N('1H92!N=6UB97(@;V8@8VQA$$P.S,P+"`R,#$Q+"!W
M90T*:&%V92!R96-O2!R96QA=&5D('1O('1H97-E
M(&-L86EM6UE;G1S(&UA9&4@=&\@9&%T92!O
M9B!A<'!R;WAI;6%T96QY("9N8G-P.R0Q+C,@8FEL;&EOB!M;W-T;'D@9F]R
M#0IV;W5C:&5R3X-"CQF
M;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.S$U+"`R,#$Q+"!T:&4@0G)I=&ES:`T*0V]L=6UB
M:6$@0V]U2!T:&4@
M0V%N861I86X-"E-U<')E;64@0V]U65D+CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\<"!S='EL93TS1"=-
M05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q.'!X.R!-05)'24XM0D]45$]-.B`P<'@G/CQF;VYT('-T
M>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#$R<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U14
M3TTZ(#!P>"<@86QI9VX],T1J=7-T:69Y/@T*/&9O;G0@#(P,40[*2!F:6QE9"!A
M(&-O;7!L86EN="!I;B!5+E,N($1I#(P,3D[$$P.S(P,3`@=&AE#0IT6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)R!A;&EG
M;CTS1&IUF4],T0R/DEN(#(P,#,L('=E(&9I;&5D(&%N#0IA8W1I;VX@:6X@
M52Y3+B!$:7-T0T*:G5D9VUE;G0@=&AA="!W92!D;R!N;W0@:6YF2!W92!R969E2!R971U$$P.S(P,#DL('1H92!C;W5R="!O9@T*87!P96%L3X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@#(P,40[*2P@82!S=6)S:61I87)Y(&]F(&$@
M4VEN9V%P;W)E+6)A2!J
M=61G;65N=`T*=&AA="!W92!D:60@;F]T(&EN9G)I;F=E(&%N>2!O9B!T:&4@
M8VQA:6US(&]F('1H:7,@<&%T96YT+"!T:&4-"F-O=7)T(&]F(&%P<&5A;',@
M=F%C871E9"!T:&4@=')I86P@8V]U0T*=F5R9&EC="P@28C>#(P,3D[2`R,#$Q('1H92!C;W5R="!O9B!A<'!E
M86QS(')E=F5R2!V97)D:6-T(&]F(&EN9G)I;F=E;65N="D@8G5T(&%F9FER;65D
M('1H90T*9&ES=')I8W0@8V]U#(P,3D[3X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@#(P,40[
M*2!S=65D($UI8W)O#(P
M,3D[2`R,#`Y+"!A#0IJ=7)Y(')E='5R;F5D(&$@
M=F5R9&EC="!A9V%I;G-T('5S+"!F:6YD:6YG(&1A;6%G97,@;V8@)FYB65D('1H92!I;FIU;F-T:6]N('!E;F1I
M;F<@;W5R(&%P<&5A;"X-"DEN($1E8V5M8F5R)B-X03`[,C`P.2P@=&AE(&-O
M=7)T(&]F(&%P<&5A;',@28C>$$P.S$Q+"`R,#$P+B!792!A<'!E86QE9"!T;R!T:&4@
M52Y3+@T*4W5P#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS1&IUF4],T0R/DEN($]C
M=&]B97(@,C`Q,"P@=V4@9FEL960-"G-U:70@86=A:6YS="!-;W1O#(P,40[*2!A;F0@:6X@52Y3+B!$:7-T"P@0FEN9R!-87!S+`T*2&]T;6%I;"P@365S2`H)B-X,C`Q
M0SM204Y$)B-X,C`Q1#LI('1E$$P.U1R
M:6%L(&EN(&]U#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X
M)R!A;&EGCTS1&IUF4],T0R/DEN(&%D9&ET:6]N('1O('1H97-E#0IC87-E
M&EM871E'D@-34@;W1H97(@<&%T96YT(&EN
M9G)I;F=E;65N="!C87-E#L@34%2
M1TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/D]T:&5R/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\<"!S
M='EL93TS1"=-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q,G!X.R!-05)'24XM0D]45$]-.B`P<'@G
M(&%L:6=N/3-$:G5S=&EF>3X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@3X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.S,P+"`R,#$Q+`T*=V4@:&%D(&%C8W)U960@86=G2!D969E;F0@=&AE&ES=',@=&AE#0IP;W-S:6)I;&ET>2!O
M9B!A(&UA=&5R:6%L(&%D=F5R7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*
M#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T<"UE<75I=CTS1$-O
M;G1E;G0M5'EP92!C;VYT96YT/3-$)W1E>'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA'0^/&1I=CX-"CQP('-T>6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z
M(#!P>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS1&-E;G1E6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@3X-"CQF;VYT('-T
M>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@#L@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,G!X)SX-"B8C>$$P.SPO<#X-
M"CQT86)L92!S='EL93TS1"="3U)$15(M0T],3$%04T4Z(&-O;&QA<'-E)R!B
M;W)D97(],T0P(&-E;&QS<&%C:6YG/3-$,"!C96QL<&%D9&EN9STS1#`@=VED
M=&@],T0Q,#`E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/@T*/"$M+2!"96=I;B!486)L92!(
M96%D("TM/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$.#(E/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^/"]T9#X-"CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0R)3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
M04PG('-I>F4],T0Q/CQB/BA);B!M:6QL:6]NF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N
M/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$
M,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\
M9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^
M#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@8V]LF4],T0Q/CQB/EEE87(@
M16YD960@2G5N928C>$$P.S,P+#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P
M.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO
M8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/CQB/C$U-3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/C$T
M,#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N
M;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/BDF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@F4],T0R/BDF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
M,T0T/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N
M;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@
M6QE/3-$
M)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q('=I9'1H
M/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R(&)G
M8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1'1O<#X-"CQP('-T>6QE
M/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/D)A;&%N
M8V4L(&5N9"!O9B!Y96%R/"]F;VYT/CPO<#X-"CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C@L
M,SF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T
M>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C
M-3DU.34Y)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H
M861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF
M;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU
M.34Y)R!S:7IE/3-$,R!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F
M)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#$R<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"
M3U143TTZ(#!P>"<@86QI9VX],T1J=7-T:69Y/@T*/&9O;G0@$$P.S(R+"`R,#`X+"!W92!A;'-O(&%N;F]U;F-E9"!T:&%T
M#0IO=7(@0F]A'!I&EM871E'D@)FYB2!T:6UE('=I=&AO=70@<')I;W(@;F]T:6-E+CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^
M#0H\<"!S='EL93TS1"=-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q,G!X.R!-05)'24XM0D]45$]-
M.B`P<'@G(&%L:6=N/3-$:G5S=&EF>3X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@#L@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,G!X)SX-"B8C
M>$$P.SPO<#X-"CQT86)L92!S='EL93TS1"="3U)$15(M0T],3$%04T4Z(&-O
M;&QA<'-E)R!B;W)D97(],T0P(&-E;&QS<&%C:6YG/3-$,"!C96QL<&%D9&EN
M9STS1#`@=VED=&@],T0Q,#`E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/@T*/"$M+2!"96=I
M;B!486)L92!(96%D("TM/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-38E/CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^/"]T9#X-"CQT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^/"]T9#X-"CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R
M)3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0Q/CQB/BA);B!M:6QL:6]NF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$
M,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/CQB/E-H87)EF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT
M('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/CQB/D%M;W5N=#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO
M=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@8V]LF4],T0Q/CQB/EEE87(@16YD960@2G5N928C>$$P.S,P
M+#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
M;G0@F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$
M)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/D9I6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
MF4],T0R/C4X/"]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A
M<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
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M('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C
M>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
M;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB
M/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I
M9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M
M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/E1H:7)D('%U87)T97(\
M+V9O;G0^/"]P/@T*/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P
M.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I
M9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]T6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/C$S,#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@F4]
M,T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E
M/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR
M('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$
M)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q
M('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$
M;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T
M>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/
M3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0R/CQB
M/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P
M.R8C>$$P.S$Q+#0U.#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/C,X,#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N
M;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C,Q.#PO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R
M87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I
M>F4],T0S(&YOF4]
M,T0S(&YOF4],T0S('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH
M6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,R!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE
M9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4]
M,T0S(&YOF4],T0S
M(&YOF4],T0S('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!S:7IE/3-$,R!N
M;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@
M#L@
M1D].5"U325I%.B`V<'@G/@T*)B-X03`[/"]P/@T*/'1A8FQE('-T>6QE/3-$
M)T)/4D1%4BU#3TQ,05!313H@8V]L;&%P6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQI/D%L;`T*$$P.S(R+"`R,#`X+CPO:3X\+V9O
M;G0^/"]P/@T*/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\+W1A8FQE/@T*/'1A8FQE('-T>6QE
M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU#3TQ,05!313H@8V]L;&%P6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQI/D]F#0IT:&4@,S$X)B-X03`[;6EL
M;&EOB!S:&%R97,@;V8@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K(')E<'5R8VAA65A65A2!O=7(@0F]A6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z
M(#$X<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>"<^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#$R<'@[($U!4D=)
M3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>"<@86QI9VX],T1J=7-T:69Y/@T*/&9O;G0@65A
M"<^#0HF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H\=&%B;&4@F4],T0Q/CQB/D1E8VQAF4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C
M;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/@T*/'`@F4],T0Q
M/CQB/D1I=FED96YD/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\<"!S='EL93TS1"=-05)'
M24XM5$]0.B`P<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#%P>"<@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=#X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/CQB/E)E8V]R9"!$871E/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@$$P.T%M;W5N
M=#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT
M/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/"]TF4]
M,T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
M;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT
M('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N
M="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.S$X+"8C>$$P.S(P
M,3`\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A
M<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.S$L,S8S/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/D1E8V5M8F5R)B-X
M03`[.2PF(WA!,#LR,#$P/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M
M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/CQB/D1E8V5M8F5R(#$U+"`R,#$P/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@2`Q-RP@,C`Q,3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C
M>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CPO='(^#0H\='(@8F=C;VQO6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N
M8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L
M:6=N/3-$F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB
M/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
M04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/DUA>2`Q.2P@,C`Q,3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C
M>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%
M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/DIU;F4@,34L
M(#(P,3$\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO<#X-"CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/D%U9W5S
M="`Q."P@,C`Q,3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@2`M+3X\+W1A8FQE/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE
M/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#$R
M<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>#L@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q<'@G/@T*)B-X
M03`[/"]P/@T*/'`@3X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@3X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z
M(#!P>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$R<'@G/@T*
M)B-X03`[/"]P/@T*/'1A8FQE('-T>6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU#3TQ,05!313H@
M8V]L;&%P6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@
M34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/@T*/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/CQB/E!E$$P.U-H87)E/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$
M,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/CQB/E!A>6UE;G0F
M(WA!,#M$871E/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\
M(2TM($5N9"!486)L92!(96%D("TM/CPA+2T@0F5G:6X@5&%B;&4@0F]D>2`M
M+3X-"CQT6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E
M/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR
M('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/CQB/BA);B!M:6QL:6]NF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]T6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M
M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/E-E<'1E;6)EF4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.R8C
M>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/DYO=F5M8F5R)B-X03`[,3DL)B-X03`[,C`P.3PO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R
M87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/"]TF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/C`N,3,\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS
M1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
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M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/DUAF4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/C`N,3,\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
MF4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4]
M,T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N
M8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/C`N,3,\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.S(P,3`\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@2`M+3X\+W1A8FQE/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P
M,#`P)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#$R<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U14
M3TTZ(#!P>"<@86QI9VX],T1J=7-T:69Y/@T*/&9O;G0@'0O:F%V87-C3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA
M#(P,30[($]4
M2$52#0I#3TU04D5(14Y3259%($E.0T]-13PO=3X\+V9O;G0^/"]P/@T*/'`@
M#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X
M)R!A;&EGCTS1&IUF4],T0R/E1H92!A8W1I=FET>2!I;B!O=&AE<@T*8V]M
M<')E:&5N"!E9F9E
M8W1S('=E6QE/3-$
M)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X.R!&3TY4+5-)
M6D4Z(#$R<'@G/@T*)B-X03`[/"]P/@T*/'1A8FQE('-T>6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%
M4BU#3TQ,05!313H@8V]L;&%P6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\(2TM($5N9"!486)L92!(
M96%D("TM/CPA+2T@0F5G:6X@5&%B;&4@0F]D>2`M+3X-"CQT6QE/3-$)T-/
M3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2
M.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/CQB/C(P,3$\+V(^/"]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/CQB/C(P,3`\+V(^/"]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/CQB/C(P,#D\+V(^/"]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
M;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!C;VQS<&%N/3-$-#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0T/CPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@8V]L6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@`T*969F96-T6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO
M8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
MF4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
M,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/E)E8VQA6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B@S,C(\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/B@U-S0\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S
M:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-
M"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE
M/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS
M1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N
M;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C
M,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F
M9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
M;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$
M)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/E5N6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
MF4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.S$L,S0Y
M/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M,T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/C0X.#PO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O
M;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%
M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/E)E8VQAF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B@R.34\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/BDF(WA!
M,#L\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT
M('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A
M;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$
M;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I
M>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4]
M,T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q
M(&YO6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A
M;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@F4],T0Q
M('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE
M/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D
M92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$
M)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P
M)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
M04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C,X,3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B@R,#8\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/B@R
M-#`\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$
M;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I
M>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
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M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/BDF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\
M='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^#0H\:'(@F4],T0S('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S
M:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-
M"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!S:7IE
M/3-$,R!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS
M1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0S
M(&YOF4],T0S(&YO
M6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#$R<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>"<@
M86QI9VX],T1J=7-T:69Y/@T*/&9O;G0@#L@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,G!X)SX-"B8C>$$P.SPO
M<#X-"CQT86)L92!S='EL93TS1"="3U)$15(M0T],3$%04T4Z(&-O;&QA<'-E
M)R!B;W)D97(],T0P(&-E;&QS<&%C:6YG/3-$,"!C96QL<&%D9&EN9STS1#`@
M=VED=&@],T0Q,#`E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/@T*/"$M+2!"96=I;B!486)L
M92!(96%D("TM/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$.#`E/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,R4^/"]T9#X-"CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#,E/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0Q/CQB/BA);B!M:6QL:6]NF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS
M<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N
M/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$
M,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO
M=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@8V]LF4],T0Q/CQB/EEE
M87(@16YD960@2G5N928C>$$P.S,P+#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/C0S-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO
M8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/CQB/C$L.#(Q/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT
M/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C4P,CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4]
M,T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/BDF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S
M:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE
M/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P
M,#`P)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E
M/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%
M149&/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1'1O<#X-"CQP('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$
M14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,F5M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/D%C8W5M=6QA=&5D(&]T:&5R
M(&-O;7!R96AE;G-I=F4-"FEN8V]M93PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P
M.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N
M8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SDV.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H\:'(@F4],T0S('=I9'1H/3-$
M,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2
M.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!S:7IE/3-$,R!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C
M9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!A;&EGCTS
M1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S(&YO7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M
M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T<"UE<75I=CTS1$-O;G1E;G0M
M5'EP92!C;VYT96YT/3-$)W1E>'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA'0^/&1I=CX-"CQP('-T
M>6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#$X<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>"<@
M86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(^#0H\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQU/DY/5$4@,C`@)B-X,C`Q-#L-"D5-4$Q/645%
M(%-43T-+($%.1"!3059)3D=3(%!,04Y3/"]U/CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\<"!S
M='EL93TS1"=-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q,G!X.R!-05)'24XM0D]45$]-.B`P<'@G
M(&%L:6=N/3-$:G5S=&EF>3X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@65E$$P.S,P+"`R,#$Q+"!A;@T*86=G$$P.VUI;&QI
M;VX@6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#$R<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>#L@
M1D].5"U325I%.B`Q<'@G/@T*)B-X03`[/"]P/@T*/'`@3X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@'!E;G-E(&%N9"!R
M96QA=&5D(&EN8V]M92!T87@@8F5N969I=',@=V5R92!A#L@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,G!X)SX-"B8C>$$P.SPO<#X-
M"CQT86)L92!S='EL93TS1"="3U)$15(M0T],3$%04T4Z(&-O;&QA<'-E)R!B
M;W)D97(],T0P(&-E;&QS<&%C:6YG/3-$,"!C96QL<&%D9&EN9STS1#`@=VED
M=&@],T0Q,#`E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/@T*/"$M+2!"96=I;B!486)L92!(
M96%D("TM/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-SDE/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,R4^/"]T9#X-"CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#,E/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
M04PG('-I>F4],T0Q/CQB/BA);B!M:6QL:6]NF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N
M/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$
M,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\
M9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^
M#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@8V]LF4],T0Q/CQB/EEE87(@
M16YD960@2G5N928C>$$P.S,P+#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M'!E;G-E/"]F
M;VYT/CPO<#X-"CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I
M>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M
M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/DEN8V]M92!T87@@8F5N969I=',@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N
M8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L
M:6=N/3-$F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@2`M+3X\+W1A8FQE/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!A
M;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#$X<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P
M>"<^/&9O;G0@#L@
M34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQI/E-T;V-K(&%W87)D#L@34%21TE.+4)/
M5%1/33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS1&IUF4],T0R/E-T;V-K(&%W87)D#(P,4,[4T%S)B-X,C`Q1#LI(&%R92!G65A6QE
M/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#$X<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>"<^/&9O
M;G0@#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/
M33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS1&IUF4],T0R/E-H87)E9"!P97)F;W)M86YC92!S
M=&]C:PT*87=A6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#$R<'@[($U!
M4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>"<@86QI9VX],T1J=7-T:69Y/@T*/&9O;G0@28C>$$P.S$L(#(P
M,3`@=&ARW5G:"!*=6YE)B-X03`[,S`L(#(P,3$L)B-X03`[2G5L>28C>$$P
M.S$L#0HR,#`Y('1H$$P.S,P+"`R,#$P+"!A;F0@2G5L
M>28C>$$P.S$L(#(P,#@@=&ARW5G:`T*2G5N928C>$$P.S,P+"`R,#`Y+"!R
M97-P96-T:79E;'DN($EN($%U9W5S="!F;VQL;W=I;F<@=&AE(&5N9"!O9@T*
M96%C:"!P97)F;W)M86YC92!P97)I;V0L('1H92!N=6UB97(@;V8@2`Q,B4@;V8-"G1H92!T;W1A;"!T87)G
M970@4U!307,L(&%R92!A=F%I;&%B;&4@87,@861D:71I;VYA;"!A=V%R9',@
M=&\-"G!A6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#$X<'@[
M($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>"<^/&9O;G0@&5C=71I=F4@3V9F:6-E6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)
M3BU43U`Z(#$R<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>"<@86QI9VX],T1J=7-T
M:69Y/@T*/&9O;G0@28C
M>#(P,3D[6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#$R<'@[
M($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>"<@86QI9VX],T1J=7-T:69Y/@T*/&9O;G0@
M65A&5C=71I=F4@;V9F:6-E65A6%B;&4@
M=&\-"G1H92!E>&5C=71I=F4@;V9F:6-E2!T:&4@8VQO#L@34%2
M1TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQI/D%C=&EV:71Y(&9O3X-"CQF
M;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@#L@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,G!X)SX-"B8C>$$P
M.SPO<#X-"CQT86)L92!S='EL93TS1"="3U)$15(M0T],3$%04T4Z(&-O;&QA
M<'-E)R!B;W)D97(],T0P(&-E;&QS<&%C:6YG/3-$,"!C96QL<&%D9&EN9STS
M1#`@=VED=&@],T0Q,#`E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/@T*/"$M+2!"96=I;B!4
M86)L92!(96%D("TM/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-S@E/CPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,R4^/"]T9#X-"CQT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#,E/CPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/"$M+2!%
M;F0@5&%B;&4@2&5A9"`M+3X\(2TM($)E9VEN(%1A8FQE($)O9'D@+2T^#0H\
M='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q,CX-"CQHF4],T0Q('=I
M9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R
M/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@8V]LF4],T0Q/CQB/EEE87(@16YD960@2G5N928C
M>$$P.S,P+#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C
M>$$P.R8C>$$P.S`N,3,\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^
M/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P
M.RTF(WA!,#LF;F)S<#LD)B-X03`[)B-X03`[,"XQ,SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@;F]WF4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M,T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@$$P.S(N.24\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@
MF4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q(&YO$$P.SPO<#X-"CQP('-T>6QE/3-$)TU!
M4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS1&IU
MF4],T0R/D1U65A2!O8V-U6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%21TE.
M+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$R<'@G/@T*)B-X03`[/"]P/@T*
M/'1A8FQE('-T>6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU#3TQ,05!313H@8V]L;&%PF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]L6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X
M)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/@T*/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/CQB/D%V97)A9V4\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO<#X-
M"CQP('-T>6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
M,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/@T*/&9O;G0@"<@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$
M,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]T6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]T6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@65AF4],T0R/CQB
M/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P
M.S(T+C6QE/3-$
M)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,F5M)SX\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/D=R86YT960\
M+V9O;G0^/"]P/@T*/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P
M.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*/'`@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO
M8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/CQB/B@Q.3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R
M/CQB/C(S+CDW/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
M;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]T
MF4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C(U-3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C
M>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H\:'(@F4],T0S('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]T6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!C;VQS
M<&%N/3-$-#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0T/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*
M/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1'1O<#X-"CQP
M('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M
M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/DYO;G9E6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P
M.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/C(U+C,R/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'
M24XM3$5&5#H@,F5M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
M04PG('-I>F4],T0R/D=R86YT960\+V9O;G0^/"]P/@T*/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R
M/CQB/C(R+C4V/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'
M24XM3$5&5#H@,F5M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
M04PG('-I>F4],T0R/E9EF4],T0R/CQB/BDF(WA!,#L\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/BDF(WA!
M,#L\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT
M('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(@8F=C;VQO6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@65A6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^
M#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^#0H\:'(@F4],T0S('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$
M;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I
M>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]T6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#$R<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"
M3U143TTZ(#!P>"<@86QI9VX],T1J=7-T:69Y/@T*/&9O;G0@F5D#0IC;VUP
M96YS871I;VX@8V]S=',@6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#$R<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U14
M3TTZ(#!P>"<@86QI9VX],T1J=7-T:69Y/@T*/&9O;G0@"<^#0HF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H\=&%B;&4@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@&-E<'0@9F%IF4],T0Q/CQB/C(P
M,3`\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT
M('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/CQB/C(P
M,#D\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT
M('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q('=I9'1H
M/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*
M/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
M;G0@F4],T0R/C$P,#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N
M;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
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M>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/CQB/E-H87)E9"!097)F
M;W)M86YC92!3=&]C:R!!=V%R9',\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N
M="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C$R/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C$P/"]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C
M>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]T6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
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M/"]TF4],T0Q
M(&YO3X-
M"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@#L@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,G!X)SX-"B8C>$$P.SPO<#X-
M"CQT86)L92!S='EL93TS1"="3U)$15(M0T],3$%04T4Z(&-O;&QA<'-E)R!B
M;W)D97(],T0P(&-E;&QS<&%C:6YG/3-$,"!C96QL<&%D9&EN9STS1#`@=VED
M=&@],T0Q,#`E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/@T*/"$M+2!"96=I;B!486)L92!(
M96%D("TM/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-SDE/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,R4^/"]T9#X-"CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#,E/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
M04PG('-I>F4],T0Q/CQB/BA);B!M:6QL:6]NF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N
M/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$
M,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\
M9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^
M#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.S$L
M-3(Q/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&
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M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
M04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$F4],T0R/CQB
M/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
M;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@2`M+3X\+W1A8FQE/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$
M)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#$X<'@[
M($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>"<^/&9O;G0@3X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@2!V97-T(&]V97(@9F]U'!I65A6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)
M3BU43U`Z(#$R<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>#L@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q
M<'@G/@T*)B-X03`[/"]P/@T*/'`@3X-"CQF;VYT
M('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z
M(#!P>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$R<'@G/@T*
M)B-X03`[/"]P/@T*/'1A8FQE('-T>6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU#3TQ,05!313H@
M8V]L;&%PF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A
M;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@"<@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X-"CQF;VYT('-T
M>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P
M>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/@T*/&9O;G0@
M"<@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X-"CQF;VYT
M('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$
M,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/@T*/'`@F4],T0Q/CQB/E=E:6=H
M=&5D/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\<"!S='EL93TS1"=-05)'24XM5$]0.B`P
M<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>"<@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X-"CQF;VYT
M('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/CQB/E)E
M;6%I;FEN9SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]P/@T*/'`@F4],T0Q/CQB
M/D-O;G1R86-T=6%L/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\<"!S='EL93TS1"=-05)'
M24XM5$]0.B`P<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#%P>"<@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=#X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$
M,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/@T*/'`@F4],T0Q/CQB/D%G9W)E
M9V%T93PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]P/@T*/'`@F4],T0Q/CQB/DEN
M=')I;G-I8SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]P/@T*/'`@F4],T0Q/CQB
M/E9A;'5E/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^
M#0H\(2TM($5N9"!486)L92!(96%D("TM/CPA+2T@0F5G:6X@5&%B;&4@0F]D
M>2`M+3X-"CQT6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H
M861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*
M/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/CQB/BA);B8C
M>$$P.VUI;&QIVYS*3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I
M9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A
M;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.S(T+C8X/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O
M;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*/'`@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO
M8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/CQB/B@W.3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R
M/CQB/C(T+CDQ/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CPO='(^#0H\='(@8F=C;VQO6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB
M/CDS/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N
M8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L
M:6=N/3-$F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P
M.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*/'`@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C
M>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/C(S+C$V/"]B/CPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^
M/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
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M,T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/C,P
M.3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
MF4],T0Q(&YO
M3X-"CQF
M;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.S,P+"`R,#$Q(&EN
M8VQU9&4@87!P2!T=V\F(WA!,#MM:6QL:6]N(&]P=&EOG,-
M"G1H870@=V5R92!G&5R8VES92!P#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS1&IUF4],T0R
M/D1U"<^#0HF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H\
M=&%B;&4@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]T
MF4],T0Q(&YO
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF
M;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF
M;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF
M;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/E1O=&%L
M(&EN=')I;G-I8R!V86QU92!O9B!S=&]C:PT*;W!T:6]N&5R8VES960\
M+V9O;G0^/"]P/@T*/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
MF4],T0R/CQB/C(R,CPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
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M/"]T&5R8VES97,\+V9O;G0^/"]P/@T*
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.S$L.34T/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O
M;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
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M>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C
M>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/D5M<&QO>65E(%-T
M;V-K(%!U3X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@65E2!B92!P=7)C:&%S960@8GD@96UP;&]Y
M965S(&%T('1H#L@
M1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,G!X)SX-"B8C>$$P.SPO<#X-"CQT86)L92!S='EL93TS
M1"="3U)$15(M0T],3$%04T4Z(&-O;&QA<'-E)R!B;W)D97(],T0P(&-E;&QS
M<&%C:6YG/3-$,"!C96QL<&%D9&EN9STS1#`@=VED=&@],T0Q,#`E(&%L:6=N
M/3-$8V5N=&5R/@T*/"$M+2!"96=I;B!486)L92!(96%D("TM/@T*/'1R/@T*
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-SDE/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$,R4^/"]T9#X-"CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#,E/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0Q/CQB
M/BA3:&%R97,@:6X@;6EL;&EOG,I/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT
M/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT
M/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT
M/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M
M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/E-H87)E6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C
M>$$P.R8C>$$P.S(R+CDX/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P
M.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.S(S+CF4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS1&IUF4],T0R
M/D%T($IU;F4F(WA!,#LS,"P@,C`Q,2P-"C0S)B-X03`[;6EL;&EOB!S:&%R
M97,@;V8@;W5R(&-O;6UO;B!S=&]C:R!W97)E(')E65E('-T;V-K('!U6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z
M(#$X<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>"<^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#$R<'@[($U!
M4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>"<@86QI9VX],T1J=7-T:69Y/@T*/&9O;G0@2P@86YD('=E
M2!C;VYT3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-
M"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\W8SEF,C4X8U\P8S4P7S0U93)?.3ED.5\U
M,V8R93EC9C`S-CD-"D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-V,Y
M9C(U.&-?,&,U,%\T-64R7SDY9#E?-3-F,F4Y8V8P,S8Y+U=O'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA"<@86QI9VX],T1C96YT
M97(^#0H\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/CQU/DY/5$4@,C$@)B-X,C`Q-#L-"E-%1TU%3E0@24Y&3U)-051)3TX@
M04Y$($=%3T=205!(24,@1$%403PO=3X\+V9O;G0^/"]P/@T*/'`@#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)R!A;&EG
M;CTS1&IUF4],T0R/DEN(&ET28C>#(P,3D[&5C=71I=F4@3V9F:6-E$$P
M.R9A;7`[(%=I;F1O=W,@3&EV92!$:79I6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z
M(#$R<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>"<@86QI9VX],T1J=7-T:69Y/@T*
M/&9O;G0@2!O;F4@2!B=7)D96YE9"!B>2!T:&4@8V]S="!O
M9B!A(&UU='5A;&QY(&)E;F5F:6-I86P-"F%C=&EV:71Y+B!!;&QO8V%T960@
M8V]S=',@;6%Y(&EN8VQU9&4@=&AO2!O;F4-
M"G-E9VUE;G0@;VX@8F5H86QF(&]F(&]T:&5R('-E9VUE;G1S+B!%86-H(&%L
M;&]C871I;VX@:7,@;65A#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS
M1&IUF4],T0R/DEN(&%D9&ET:6]N+"!C97)T86EN#0IC;W-T2!B87-E9"!O;B!T:&4@2!I3X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X
M)R!A;&EGCTS1&IUF4],T0R/E1H92!P2!E86-H('-E9VUE;G0@87)E('-U;6UA
M"<@86QI9VX],T1J=7-T:69Y
M/@T*/&9O;G0@$$P.R9A;7`[(%=I;F1O=W,@3&EV
M90T*1&EV:7-I;VX@;V9F97)I;F=S(&-O;G-I7-T96TL('-O9G1W
M87)E(&%N9"!S97)V:6-E6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#$R<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P
M>"<@86QI9VX],T1J=7-T:69Y/@T*/&9O;G0@3X-"CQF
M;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@3X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@&-H86YG92P@3'EN8RP@86YD($UI8W)O3X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@#(P,3,[($5N=&5R=&%I;FUE;G0@86YD($1E=FEC97,@1&EV:7-I
M;VX-"F]F9F5R:6YG"`S-C`L
M($UE9&EA6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#$R<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P
M>#L@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q<'@G/@T*)B-X03`[/"]P/@T*/'`@3X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M#L@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,G!X)SX-
M"B8C>$$P.SPO<#X-"CQT86)L92!S='EL93TS1"="3U)$15(M0T],3$%04T4Z
M(&-O;&QA<'-E)R!B;W)D97(],T0P(&-E;&QS<&%C:6YG/3-$,"!C96QL<&%D
M9&EN9STS1#`@=VED=&@],T0Q,#`E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/@T*/"$M+2!"
M96=I;B!486)L92!(96%D("TM/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-SDE/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,R4^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#,E/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*
M/'1R/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0Q/CQB/BA);B!M:6QL:6]NF4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C
M;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S
M:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@8V]L
MF4]
M,T0Q/CQB/EEE87(@16YD960@2G5N928C>$$P.S,P+#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!C;VQS<&%N/3-$-#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0T/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@8V]L6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.R9A;7`[(%=I;F1O=W,@3&EV90T*1&EV:7-I;VX\+V9O;G0^/"]P/@T*
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.S$X+#6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.S$U+#4V,SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O
M;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C
M>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]T6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]T6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@F4],T0R/C8L,C(T/"]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A
M<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C8L-#$V/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]T6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT
M('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R
M/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C0U,3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE
M9G0@6QE
M/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0Q(&YO
MF4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q('=I
M9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R
M(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1'1O<#X-"CQP('-T
M>6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,F5M)SX\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/D-O
M;G-O;&ED871E9#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/C8R+#0X-#PO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^
M/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE
M/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!S:7IE/3-$,R!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D
M92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$
M)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y
M)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$
M;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/"$M+2!%;F0@5&%B;&4@0F]D>2`M
M+3X\+W1A8FQE/@T*/'`@"<^#0HF(WA!,#L\+W`^
M#0H\=&%B;&4@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/"]TF4],T0Q
M(&YOF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
MF4],T0Q/CQB/D]P97)A=&EN
M9R!);F-O;64@*$QOF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]T6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.S$R+#(U
M,SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N
M;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
M,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/E-E6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B@R+#8S.#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/B@Q+#6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-
M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/DUI8W)O6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
M04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
M;G0@F4]
M,T0R/C$Q+#$U,SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N
M;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C
M>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
M;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT
M('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R
M/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B@S+#4X-#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO
M8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/B@S+#,R.#PO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O
M;G0@F4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S
M:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-
M"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE
M/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS
M1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0Q
M(&YOF4],T0Q(&YO
M6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R
M/CQB/C(W+#$V,3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.S(P+#,V
M,SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N
M;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M#0H\:'(@F4],T0S('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O
M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!S:7IE/3-$,R!N
M;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@
M6QE/3-$
M)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S(&YO6QE/3-$
M)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#$R<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>"<@86QI9VX]
M,T1J=7-T:69Y/@T*/&9O;G0@2!N;W0@3X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@"<^#0HF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H\=&%B;&4@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF
M;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF
M;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF
M;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/D-O
M6QE
M/3-$)U!/4TE424]..B!R96QA=&EV93L@0D]45$]-.B`P+CAE>#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)A6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.R@T+#8Q.3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
M;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/BDF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/BDF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*/'`@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@'!E;G-E/"]F;VYT/CPO<#X-"CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P
M.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/CQB/C4T-#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R
M/C4U-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M,T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/E)E=F5N=64@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
M;G0@F4]
M,T0R/C(U-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4]
M,T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$
M;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T
M>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B@S+#4X-#PO8CX\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/BDF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/BDF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^#0H\:'(@F4],T0S('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D
M92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH
M6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,R!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE
M9G0@6QE
M/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0S(&YO
MF4],T0S(&YO6QE
M/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X.R!&3TY4
M+5-)6D4Z(#9P>"<^#0HF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H\=&%B;&4@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS1&IUF4],T0R/DYO
M('-A;&5S('1O(&%N(&EN9&EV:61U86P-"F-U65A"<^#0HF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H\=&%B;&4@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT
M('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT
M('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT
M('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/E5N:71E
M9`T*4W1A=&5S)B-X03`[/"]F;VYT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/D]T:&5R
M(&-O=6YTF4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q
M(&YOF4]
M,T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S
M:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE
M/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/C8Y+#DT,SPO8CX\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/C4X+#0S-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H\:'(@F4],T0S('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H
M861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF
M;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU
M.34Y)R!S:7IE/3-$,R!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F
M)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT
M('-I>F4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S(&YO6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/
M33H@,'!X.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#9P>"<^#0HF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H\=&%B;&4@
M6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F%T:6]N
M6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#$R<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P
M>#L@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q<'@G/@T*)B-X03`[/"]P/@T*/'`@3X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M"<^#0HF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H\=&%B;&4@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T
M>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T
M>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T
M>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$
M)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/DUI8W)OF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/E=I;F1O
M=W,@4$,@;W!E7-T96US/"]F;VYT/CPO<#X-"CPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO
M8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/CQB/C$W+#@R-3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R
M/C$X+#(R-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$
M14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/E-E6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P
M.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C$Q+#,T-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@"`S
M-C`@<&QA=&9O6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/C,L,#,V/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C,L,#(T/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/"]T6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/C(L-3(X/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
M;G0@F4]
M,T0R/C(L,S0U/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO
M=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
M04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]T6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/C,L-#F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C,L-3DX/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/"]TF4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q('=I
M9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$
M)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O
M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/
M3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/C8Y+#DT,SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P
M.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/C4X+#0S-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N
M;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^#0H\:'(@F4],T0S('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$
M;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I
M>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4]
M,T0S(&YOF4],T0S
M(&YO6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#$R<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P
M>"<@86QI9VX],T1J=7-T:69Y/@T*/&9O;G0@2!S96=M96YT('1H870@:7,@:6YC;'5D960@:6X@=&AE(&UE87-U
M6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#$R<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P
M>"<@86QI9VX],T1J=7-T:69Y/@T*/&9O;G0@&5S
M+"!C;&%S2!C;VUP86YY+"!W97)E(&%S#0IF;VQL;W=S.CPO9F]N
M=#X\+W`^#0H\<"!S='EL93TS1"=-05)'24XM5$]0.B`P<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"
M3U143TTZ(#!P>#L@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,G!X)SX-"B8C>$$P.SPO<#X-"CQT
M86)L92!S='EL93TS1"="3U)$15(M0T],3$%04T4Z(&-O;&QA<'-E)R!B;W)D
M97(],T0P(&-E;&QS<&%C:6YG/3-$,"!C96QL<&%D9&EN9STS1#`@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q,#`E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/@T*/"$M+2!"96=I;B!486)L92!(96%D
M("TM/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-SDE/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,R4^/"]T9#X-"CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0S
M)3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#,E/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0Q/CQB/BA);B!M:6QL:6]NF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$
M,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\
M9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N
M="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\
M+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@8V]LF4],T0Q/CQB/DIU;F4F(WA!
M,#LS,"P\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF
M;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT
M('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT
M('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT
M('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/E5N:71E
M9"!3=&%T97,\+V9O;G0^/"]P/@T*/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C
M>$$P.S$X+#0Y.#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P
M.R8C>$$P.S$Y+#,V,CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
M04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C(L.3@Y/"]B/CPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^
M/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS
M1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q
M('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE
M/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D
M92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$
M)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P
M)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q(&YO6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/C(Q+#$X,CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y
M)R!S:7IE/3-$,R!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A
M;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I
M>F4],T0S(&YOF4]
M,T0S(&YO'1087)T7S=C.68R-3AC7S!C-3!?-#5E,E\Y
M.60Y7S4S9C)E.6-F,#,V.0T*0V]N=&5N="U,;V-A=&EOCH@9FEL93HO+R]#
M.B\W8SEF,C4X8U\P8S4P7S0U93)?.3ED.5\U,V8R93EC9C`S-CDO5V]R:W-H
M965T'0O:F%V
M87-C3X-"B`@("`\=&%B
M;&4@8VQA'0^/&1I=CX-"CQP('-T>6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z
M(#!P>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS1&-E;G1E6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@#L@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,G!X)SX-
M"B8C>$$P.SPO<#X-"CQT86)L92!S='EL93TS1"="3U)$15(M0T],3$%04T4Z
M(&-O;&QA<'-E)R!B;W)D97(],T0P(&-E;&QS<&%C:6YG/3-$,"!C96QL<&%D
M9&EN9STS1#`@=VED=&@],T0Q,#`E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/@T*/"$M+2!"
M96=I;B!486)L92!(96%D("TM/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-3,E/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-"4^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0T)3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#0E/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-"4^/"]T9#X-"CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0T)3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M/"]TF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N
M/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$
M,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\
M9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N
M="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@F4]
M,T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R
M/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@8V]LF4],T0Q/CQB/E-E<'1E
M;6)E$$P.S,P/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@$$P.S,Q/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@$$P.S,Q/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/CQB/E1O=&%L/"]B
M/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!C;VQS<&%N/3-$-#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0T/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@8V]LF4],T0Q/CQB/D9IF4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C
M;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS
M<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N
M/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$
M,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\
M9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO
M8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.S$Y+#DU,SPO8CX\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\
M+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$
MF4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C
M>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
M;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.S8Y+#DT,SPO
M8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C$U+#$R,#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R
M/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C4T+#,V
M-CPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C4L
M-#$P/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB
M/C8L-C,T/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N
M;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/C4L,C,R/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/CQS=7`@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I
M>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/CQB/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/C4L.#F4],T0Q
M/CQS=7`@F4],T0R
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C(S+#$U,#PO8CX\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C`N-C(\+V(^
M/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO
M=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
M,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/D1I;'5T960@96%R;FEN9W,@<&5R('-H87)E/"]F;VYT/CPO<#X-"CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C
M>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C`N-C(\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C`N-CD\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P
M.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D
M92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH
M6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE
M9G0@6QE
M/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0Q(&YO
MF4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q('=I
M9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R
M/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@8V]LF4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]L
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]T6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@F4],T0Q/CQS=7`@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/CQS=7`@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
M04PG('-I>F4],T0R/C$V+#`S.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]T6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T
M>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R
M/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C$Q+#6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P
M.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A
M;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT
M('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
M04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I
M9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P
M.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]T6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C`N-S4\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4]
M,T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C(N,3,\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M
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M('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C`N-#4\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS
M1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P
M.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q(&YO#L@1D].5"U325I%.B`V<'@G/@T*)B-X03`[/"]P/@T*/'1A8FQE('-T>6QE
M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU#3TQ,05!313H@8V]L;&%P6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQI/DEN8VQU9&5S(&$@<&%R=&EA"!S
M971T;&5M96YT(&]F(&%N($DN4BY3+B!A=61I="!O9B!T87@-"GEE87)S(#(P
M,#0@=&\@,C`P-BP@=VAI8V@@:6YCF4],T0R/BAB*3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1'1O<"!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0^#0H\<"!A;&EGCTS1&IU2!T;R!T:&4-"F%D:G5S=&UEG0@;V8@;W5R('!R979I;W5S;'D@
M97-T:6UA=&5D(&5F9F5C=&EV92!T87@@&%B;&4@:6YC;VUE+B!);B!A9&1I=&EOBP@=7!O;B!C
M;VUP;&5T:6]N(&]F(&]U"!R971U"!P
M"!R971UF4],T0R/BAC*3PO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1'1O<"!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0^#0H\<"!A;&EG
M;CTS1&IUF5D(&9O6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%
M4BU#3TQ,05!313H@8V]L;&%P6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
M04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQI/E)E9FQE8W1S("9N8G-P.R0Q+C4@8FEL;&EOB!O
M9B!R979E;G5E(&1E9F5R3X-"CPO
M:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\W8SEF,C4X8U\P8S4P7S0U93)?
M.3ED.5\U,V8R93EC9C`S-CD-"D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O
M0SHO-V,Y9C(U.&-?,&,U,%\T-64R7SDY9#E?-3-F,F4Y8V8P,S8Y+U=O'0O:'1M;#L@
M8VAA6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@#L@34%21TE.
M+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS1&IUF4],T0R/E1H92!F:6YA;F-I86P@
M6EN9R!N;W1E#(P,40[*2X\+V9O;G0^/"]P
M/@T*/"]D:78^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@
M("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)R!A
M;&EGCTS1&IUF4],T0R/E1H92!F:6YA;F-I86P@0T*
M:6YV97-T;65N=',@=&ARW5G:"!W:&EC:"!W92!E>&5R8VES92!S:6=N:69I
M8V%N="!I;F9L=65N8V4@;W9E<@T*8G5T(&1O(&YO="!C;VYT2!D971E#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X
M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/CQB/D5S=&EM871E3X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@"!C;VYS97%U96YC97,@;V8@979E;G1S('1H870@:&%V90T*8F5E
M;B!R96-O9VYI>F5D(&EN(&]U6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@3X-"CQF;VYT('-T
M>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@&-H86YG92!R871E#0IO;B!T:&4@
M8F%L86YC92!S:&5E="!D871E+B!2979E;G5E(&%N9"!E>'!E;G-E#(P,40[*2X\+V9O;G0^/"]P/@T*/"]D:78^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^
M#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X
M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/CQB/E)E=F5N=64@4F5C;V=N:71I;VX\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO<#X-"CQP('-T
M>6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#$R<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>"<@
M86QI9VX],T1J=7-T:69Y/@T*/&9O;G0@&ES=',L
M(&1E;&EV97)Y(&AA2!IF5D(&YE="!O9B!A;GD@
M=&%X97,-"F-O;&QE8W1E9"!F6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#$R<'@[($U!4D=)
M3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>"<@86QI9VX],T1J=7-T:69Y/@T*/&9O;G0@#(P,4,[
M3T5-#(P,40[*2P@86YD('!E2!I
MF5D(&%S#0IP0T*9&ES8V]U;G1E9"!R:6=H=',@=&\@=7-E('5P
M8V]M:6YG(&YE=R!V97)S:6]N6QE/3-$
M)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#$R<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>"<@86QI9VX]
M,T1J=7-T:69Y/@T*/&9O;G0@#(P,40[*2!A;F0@87)E(&%C8V]U;G1E9"!F;W(@87,@
M6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)
M3BU43U`Z(#$R<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>"<@86QI9VX],T1J=7-T
M:69Y/@T*/&9O;G0@2!U"`S-C`-"G!L871F;W)M(&ES(')E8V]G
M;FEZ960@=VAE;B!G86UE3X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@2!A9'9EF5D
M(&%S(&%D=F5R=&ES96UEG1S(&%R92!D:7-P;&%Y960N(%-E87)C:`T*861V
M97)T:7-I;F<@F5D('=H96X@=&AE(&%D(&%P
M<&5A2!R871E(&EN('1H90T*8V]N
M&5D+7!R:6-E('-E2!O9B!T:&4@
M'0^
M/&1I=CX-"CQP('-T>6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#$X<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"
M3U143TTZ(#!P>"<^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#$R<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ
M(#!P>"<@86QI9VX],T1J=7-T:69Y/@T*/&9O;G0@#(P,40[*3L@8V]S
M=',@:6YC=7)R960@=&\@6%L
M=&EE2!O9B!C;VYS=6QT:6YG('-E3PO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/&1I=CX-
M"CQP('-T>6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#$X<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ
M(#!P>"<^/&9O;G0@3X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@2DN#0I4:&4@2!D97!E;F1I;F<-"G5P;VX@=&AE('!R
M;V1U8W0@2!P871C:&5S+`T*;W9E0T*;&EA8FEL:71I97,@86YD(&%D:G5S
M="!T:&4@86UO=6YT#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/E)E6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU4
M3U`Z(#$R<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>"<@86QI9VX],T1J=7-T:69Y
M/@T*/&9O;G0@2!I2!I
M'0^/&1I=CX-"CQP('-T>6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#$X<'@[($U!
M4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>"<^/&9O;G0@3X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@'!E;G-E+"!A
M;F0@;W1H97(@:&5A9&-O=6YT+7)E;&%T960@97AP96YS97,-"F%S'!E;G-E('=A65E(%-E=F5R86YC93PO=&0^#0H@("`@
M("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/&1I=CX-"CQP('-T>6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)
M3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/D5M<&QO>65E(%-E
M=F5R86YC93PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]P/@T*/'`@#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS1&IUF4],T0R
M/E=E(')E8V]R9"!E;7!L;WEE90T*'!E;G-E'!E;G-E6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS1&IUF4]
M,T0R/E=E(&UE87-U'!E;G-E(&]V97(@
M=&AE('9E2!F;W5R('1O(&9I=F4-
M"GEE87)S*2!U'0^/&1I=CX-"CQP('-T>6QE
M/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#$X<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>"<^/&9O
M;G0@#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
M,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS1&IUF4],T0R/E-H87)E65E2!O9B!E86-H#0IT:')E
M92UM;VYT:"!P97)I;V0N($-O;7!E;G-A=&EOB!E>'!E;G-E(&9O6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@&5S/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\<"!S='EL93TS1"=-05)'
M24XM5$]0.B`Q,G!X.R!-05)'24XM0D]45$]-.B`P<'@G(&%L:6=N/3-$:G5S
M=&EF>3X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@"!E>'!E;G-E#0II;F-L=61E2!I;G9E2!D:69F97)E;F-E&5S+B!4:&4@9&5F
M97)R960@:6YC;VUE('1A>&5S(&%R92!C;&%S2X\+V9O;G0^/"]P/@T*
M/"]D:78^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@
M/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$'0^/&1I=CX-"CQP('-T>6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU4
M3U`Z(#$X<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>"<^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)
M3BU43U`Z(#$R<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>"<@86QI9VX],T1J=7-T
M:69Y/@T*/&9O;G0@'1E;G0@=&\@=VAI8V@@:6YP=71S('5S960-"FEN(&UE87-UF4@96%C:"!O9B!O=7(@9F%I#L@1D].5"U325I%.B`V
M<'@G/@T*)B-X03`[/"]P/@T*/'1A8FQE('-T>6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU#3TQ,
M05!313H@8V]L;&%PF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1'1O
M<"!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0^#0H\<"!A;&EGCTS1&IU2!I;F-L=61E(%4N4RX-"G1R
M96%S=7)I97,L(&1O;65S=&EC(&%N9"!I;G1E&-H86YG97,N/"]F
M;VYT/CPO<#X-"CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/"]T86)L93X-"CQP('-T>6QE/3-$
M)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X.R!&3TY4+5-)
M6D4Z(#9P>"<^#0HF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H\=&%B;&4@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1'1O<"!W:61T:#TS1#(E(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>#(P
M,C([/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$,24^
M/&9O;G0@3X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQI/DQE
M=F5L(#(\+VD^("8C>#(P,3,[(&EN<'5T2!T:&4@9G5L;`T*=&5R;2!O9B!T:&4@
M87-S971S(&]R(&QI86)I;&ET:65S+B!7:&5R92!A<'!L:6-A8FQE+"!T:&5S
M92!M;V1E;',-"G!R;VIE8W0@9G5T=7)E(&-A#L@
M1D].5"U325I%.B`Q<'@G/@T*)B-X03`[/"]P/@T*/'1A8FQE('-T>6QE/3-$
M)T)/4D1%4BU#3TQ,05!313H@8V]L;&%PF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1'1O<"!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0^#0H\<"!A;&EGCTS1&IU2!C
M;VUP6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU4
M3U`Z(#$R<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>"<@86QI9VX],T1J=7-T:69Y
M/@T*/&9O;G0@2!I;7!A:7)E9"X@
M5&AE(&9A:7(@=F%L=65S(&]F('1H97-E#0II;G9E3X-
M"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@#L@34%21TE.+4)/
M5%1/33H@,'!X)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/D9I;F%N8VEA;`T*26YS=')U;65N=',\+V(^/"]F;VYT
M/CPO<#X-"CQP('-T>6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#$R<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"
M3U143TTZ(#!P>"<@86QI9VX],T1J=7-T:69Y/@T*/&9O;G0@2!B92!C;&%S2!L:7%U:60@;F%T=7)E(&%N9"!B
M96-A=7-E('-U8V@@;6%R:V5T86)L92!S96-U6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)
M3BU43U`Z(#$R<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>"<@86QI9VX],T1J=7-T
M:69Y/@T*/&9O;G0@F5D(&=A:6YS(&%N9"!L;W-S97,@87)E#0IR96-O2!I;7!A:7)M96YT65A2!M971H;V0N/"]F;VYT/CPO
M<#X-"CQP('-T>6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#$R<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U14
M3TTZ(#!P>"<@86QI9VX],T1J=7-T:69Y/@T*/&9O;G0@&5D+6EN8V]M92!A;F0@97%U:71Y('-E8W5R:71I97,@=&\@:6YC2!I;G1E2X\+V9O;G0^/"]P/@T*/'`@#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS1&IUF4],T0R/DEN
M=F5S=&UEG1S(&%R90T*8V]N0T*879A:6QA8FQE(&UA0T*;6%N86=E;65N
M="X@5V4@96UP;&]Y(&$@2!O;B!A('%U
M87)T97)L>2!B87-I&-E961S(&ET'1E
M;G0@=&\@=VAI8V@@=&AE(&9A:7(@=F%L=64-"FES(&QE2!S96-U2!T;R!H;VQD+"!O2P@86X@:6UP86ER;65N="!C:&%R9V4@:7,@$$P.SPO<#X-"CQP('-T>6QE/3-$
M)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS
M1&IUF4],T0R/D1EF5D(&%S(&5I=&AE3X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#$R<'@[
M($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>"<@86QI9VX],T1J=7-T:69Y/@T*/&9O;G0@
M2!R97!O&-L=61E9"!F&-L=61E9"!F
M6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#$R<'@[($U!
M4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>"<@86QI9VX],T1J=7-T:69Y/@T*/&9O;G0@'!E;G-E*2X@3W1H97(@=&AAB!T:&]S92!D97)I=F%T:79E2!C;VYT2!E8V]N;VUI8V%L;'D@;V9F2!I;7!A:7)E9"P@870@=VAI
M8V@@=&EM92!T:&4@86UO=6YT'!E;G-E*2X\+V9O;G0^/"]P/@T*/"]D:78^/'-P
M86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S
M/3-$#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/D%L;&]W86YC92!F;W(@
M1&]U8G1F=6P-"D%C8V]U;G1S/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\<"!S='EL93TS
M1"=-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q,G!X.R!-05)'24XM0D]45$]-.B`P<'@G(&%L:6=N
M/3-$:G5S=&EF>3X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@'0^/&1I=CX-"CQP('-T>6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z
M(#$X<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>"<^/&9O;G0@#L@34%2
M1TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS1&IUF4],T0R/DEN=F5N=&]R:65S
M(&%R92!S=&%T960@870-"G1H92!L;W=E2!T;R!A(&YE=R!C;W-T(&)A2!A;F0@17%U:7!M96YT/"]T9#X-"B`@
M("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\9&EV/@T*/'`@#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)SX\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/E!R;W!E3X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M2!A;F0@
M97%U:7!M96YT(&%R90T*9V5N97)A;&QY(&%S(&9O;&QO=W,Z(&-O;7!U=&5R
M('-O9G1W87)E(&1E=F5L;W!E9"!O65A65A65A'0^/&1I=CX-"CQP('-T>6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P
M>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/D=O;V1W:6QL/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\
M+W`^#0H\<"!S='EL93TS1"=-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q,G!X.R!-05)'24XM0D]4
M5$]-.B`P<'@G(&%L:6=N/3-$:G5S=&EF>3X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@2!T:&%N(&YO="!R961U8V4@=&AE(&9A:7(@=F%L=64@;V8@80T*
M#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/DEN=&%N9VEB;&4@
M07-S971S/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\<"!S='EL93TS1"=-05)'24XM5$]0
M.B`Q,G!X.R!-05)'24XM0D]45$]-.B`P<'@G(&%L:6=N/3-$:G5S=&EF>3X-
M"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F%T:6]N(&%N9"!AF5D('5S:6YG('1H90T*2!B>2!T86MI;F<@:6YT;R!A8V-O=6YT(&5V
M96YT2!W87)R86YT(')E=FES
M960@97-T:6UA=&5S(&]F('5S969U;"!L:79E'0^/&1I=CX-"CQP('-T
M>6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#$R<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>"<^
M/&9O;G0@2!A9&]P=&5D(&%C8V]U;G1I;F<-"G!R;VYO=6YC96UE;G1S
M/"]I/CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\<"!S='EL93TS1"=-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q,G!X
M.R!-05)'24XM0D]45$]-.B`P<'@G(&%L:6=N/3-$:G5S=&EF>3X-"CQF;VYT
M('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@28C>$$P.S$L(#(P,3`L('=E#0IA9&]P=&5D(&=U:61A;F-E(&ES2!T:&4@1FEN86YC:6%L($%C8V]U;G1I;F<@4W1A;F1A2P@=&AE($9!4T(@:7-S=65D(&=U:61A;F-E(&]N#0IR
M979E;G5E(&%R3X-
M"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@28C>$$P.S$L(#(P,3`L('=E#0IA9&]P=&5D(&YE=R!G=6ED86YC
M92!I'0^/&1I=CX-"CQP('-T>6QE/3-$)TU!
M4D=)3BU43U`Z(#$X<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>"<^/&9O;G0@3X-"CQF;VYT('-T
M>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@2XF(WA!
M,#M);G-T96%D+"!A;B!E;G1I='D@=VEL;"!B92!R97%U:7)E9"!T;R!P28C>$$P.S$L(#(P,3(@86YD#0IW:6QL(&AA=F4@<')E2X\+V9O;G0^/"]P/@T*/'`@#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS
M1&IUF4],T0R/DEN($UA>2`R,#$Q+"!T:&4@1D%30@T*:7-S=65D(&=U:61A
M;F-E('1O(&%M96YD('1H92!A8V-O=6YT:6YG(&%N9"!D:7-C;&]S=7)E(')E
M<75I2!C2!R97%U:7)I;F<@<75A;G1I=&%T:79E
M(&1I2!O9B!T:&4@
M9F%I$$P.T]T:&5R('1H
M86X@#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X
M.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#%P>"<^#0HF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H\<"!S='EL93TS1"=-
M05)'24XM5$]0.B`P<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>"<@86QI9VX],T1J
M=7-T:69Y/@T*/&9O;G0@7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S
M970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@
M:'1T<"UE<75I=CTS1$-O;G1E;G0M5'EP92!C;VYT96YT/3-$)W1E>'0O:'1M
M;#L@8VAA3X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@#L@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,G!X)SX-"B8C
M>$$P.SPO<#X-"CQT86)L92!S='EL93TS1"="3U)$15(M0T],3$%04T4Z(&-O
M;&QA<'-E)R!B;W)D97(],T0P(&-E;&QS<&%C:6YG/3-$,"!C96QL<&%D9&EN
M9STS1#`@=VED=&@],T0Q,#`E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/@T*/"$M+2!"96=I
M;B!486)L92!(96%D("TM/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$.#$E/CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,R4^/"]T9#X-"CQT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#,E/CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0Q/CQB/BA);B!M:6QL:6]NF4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C
M;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS
M<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D
M92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@8V]LF4],T0Q
M/CQB/EEE87(@16YD960@2G5N928C>$$P.S,P+#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.S,W
M-3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P
M.S$U,SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M,T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB
M/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,F5M)SX\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/E=R
M:71E+6]F9G,\+V9O;G0^/"]P/@T*/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B@Q,C$\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/B@V
M,CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N
M;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H
M861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF
M;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P
M,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F
M)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT
M('-I>F4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q(&YOF4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C
M>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
M;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I
M>F4],T0S(&YOF4]
M,T0S(&YOF4],T0S('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!S:7IE/3-$,R!N;W-H861E/3-$
M;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\
M+W1R/@T*/"]T86)L93X-"CPO9&EV/CQS<&%N/CPO7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970]
M(G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T
M<"UE<75I=CTS1$-O;G1E;G0M5'EP92!C;VYT96YT/3-$)W1E>'0O:'1M;#L@
M8VAAF4],T0R('-T>6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ
M07)I86P^5&AE(&-O;7!O;F5N=',@;V8@8F%S:6,@86YD#0ID:6QU=&5D($50
M4R!A#L@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,G!X
M)SX-"B8C>$$P.SPO<#X-"CQT86)L92!S='EL93TS1"="3U)$15(M0T],3$%0
M4T4Z(&-O;&QA<'-E)R!B;W)D97(],T0P(&-E;&QS<&%C:6YG/3-$,"!C96QL
M<&%D9&EN9STS1#`@=VED=&@],T0Q,#`E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/@T*/"$M
M+2!"96=I;B!486)L92!(96%D("TM/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-SDE
M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,R4^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#,E
M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R
M/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0Q/CQB/BA);B!M:6QL:6]NF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$
M,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\
M9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N
M="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\
M+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@8V]LF4],T0Q/CQB/EEE87(@16YD
M960@2G5N928C>$$P.S,P+#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.S$X+#6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/"]T6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/C@L.#$S/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C@L.30U/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]T
MF4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P
M.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF
M;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N
M;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C
M,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F
M9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!A;&EGCTS1')I
M9VAT('-I>F4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/CQB/C@L-3DS/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF
M;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T-/
M3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S('=I9'1H/3-$
M,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2
M.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!S:7IE/3-$,R!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C
M9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/"]T6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^
M/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/C(N
M,3`\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/C$N-C(\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@2`M+3X\
M+W1A8FQE/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!A;&EGCTS
M1&QE9G0@&-L=61E9"!F#L@34%21TE.
M+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS1&IUF4],T0R/E=E(&5X8VQU9&5D('1H
M92!F;VQL;W=I;F<-"G-H87)E"<^#0HF
M(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H\=&%B;&4@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q(&YOF4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T
M>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF
M;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/E-H
M87)E&-L=61E9"!F6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C
M>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@2`M+3X\+W1A8FQE/@T*/&AR('-T
M>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@'0O:F%V87-C
M3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@
M8VQA3X-"CQF
M;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@#L@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,G!X)SX-
M"B8C>$$P.SPO<#X-"CQT86)L92!S='EL93TS1"="3U)$15(M0T],3$%04T4Z
M(&-O;&QA<'-E)R!B;W)D97(],T0P(&-E;&QS<&%C:6YG/3-$,"!C96QL<&%D
M9&EN9STS1#`@=VED=&@],T0Q,#`E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/@T*/"$M+2!"
M96=I;B!486)L92!(96%D("TM/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-SDE/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-"4^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0T)3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#0E/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*
M/'1R/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0Q/CQB/BA);B!M:6QL:6]NF4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C
M;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S
M:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@8V]L
MF4]
M,T0Q/CQB/EEE87(@16YD960@2G5N928C>$$P.S,P+#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$F4],T0R
M/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
M,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/DEN=&5R97-T(&5X<&5N6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO
M8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/BDF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]T6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A
M;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/B@Q,C4\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B@W-SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO8CX\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/BDF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/BDF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(@8F=C;VQO6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P
M.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/CQB/B@R-CPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R
M/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/B@U,#D\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/"]TF4],T0R/CQB/BDF(WA!
M,#L\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT
M('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A
M;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T
M>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/BDF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X],T0T/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P
M,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F
M)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT
M('-I>F4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^
M#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1'1O<#X-"CQP('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM
M3$5&5#H@,F5M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/E1O=&%L/"]F;VYT/CPO<#X-"CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C
M>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/BDF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H\:'(@F4],T0S('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H
M861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF
M;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU
M.34Y)R!S:7IE/3-$,R!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F
M)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT
M('-I>F4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S(&YO"<@86QI
M9VX],T1J=7-T:69Y/@T*/&9O;G0@F5D(&=A:6YS("AL;W-S97,I(&]N(&EN=F5S=&UEG1S(&1U6QE
M/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X.R!&3TY4
M+5-)6D4Z(#$R<'@G/@T*)B-X03`[/"]P/@T*/'1A8FQE('-T>6QE/3-$)T)/
M4D1%4BU#3TQ,05!313H@8V]L;&%P6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\(2TM($5N9"!486)L
M92!(96%D("TM/CPA+2T@0F5G:6X@5&%B;&4@0F]D>2`M+3X-"CQT6QE/3-$
M)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O
M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/
M3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/CQB/C(P,3$\+V(^
M/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/CQB/C(P,3`\+V(^
M/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/CQB/C(P,#D\+V(^
M/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]T6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B@X,#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO
M8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
MF4],T0R/BDF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
M,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/E)E86QI>F5D(&=A:6YS(&9R;VT@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB
M/C6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@F4],T0R/C8P-3PO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^
M/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
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M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H
M861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*
M/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/
M3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q(&YO6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/C,T.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!A;&EGCTS1')I
M9VAT('-I>F4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!S:7IE/3-$,R!N;W-H
M861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/"]T86)L93X-"@T*#0H\+V1I=CX\'0O
M:F%V87-C3X-"B`@("`\
M=&%B;&4@8VQA'0^/&1I=CX-"CQP('-T>6QE/3-$
M)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#$R<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>"<@86QI9VX]
M,T1J=7-T:69Y/@T*/&9O;G0@#L@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,G!X)SX-"B8C>$$P
M.SPO<#X-"CQT86)L92!S='EL93TS1"="3U)$15(M0T],3$%04T4Z(&-O;&QA
M<'-E)R!B;W)D97(],T0P(&-E;&QS<&%C:6YG/3-$,"!C96QL<&%D9&EN9STS
M1#`@=VED=&@],T0Q,#`E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/@T*/"$M+2!"96=I;B!4
M86)L92!(96%D("TM/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,S0E/CPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,R4^/"]T9#X-"CQT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#,E/CPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,R4^/"]T9#X-"CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0S)3X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#,E/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$,R4^/"]T9#X-"CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-
M"CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]L6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%21TE.+4)/
M5%1/33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/@T*/&9O;G0@F5D/"]B/CPO
M9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\<"!S='EL93TS1"=-05)'24XM5$]0.B`P<'@[($U!4D=)
M3BU"3U143TTZ(#%P>"<@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]L6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)R!A
M;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/@T*/&9O;G0@F5D/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\
M<"!S='EL93TS1"=-05)'24XM5$]0.B`P<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#%P
M>"<@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@"<@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=#X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)TU!
M4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,7!X)R!A;&EGCTS1')I
M9VAT/@T*/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A
M;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/@T*/'`@F4],T0Q/CQB/D-A6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%2
M1TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/@T*/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@
M34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,7!X)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/@T*/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I
M9VAT/@T*/'`@F4],T0Q/CQB/E-H;W)T+71E6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%21TE.
M+4)/5%1/33H@,7!X)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/@T*/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/@T*
M/'`@F4],T0Q/CQB/D5Q=6ET>3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]P/@T*
M/'`@F4],T0Q/CQB/F%N9`T*3W1H97(\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO
M<#X-"CQP('-T>6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/
M33H@,7!X)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/@T*/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$
M,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D
M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@8V]L6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.S,P+"`R,#$Q/"]B
M/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]L
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/"]T6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'
M24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
M04PG('-I>F4],T0R/D-A6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB
M/C$L-C0X/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N
M;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^
M/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^
M/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^
M/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C
M>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
M;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/C`\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C
M>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
M;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/C`\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C
M>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$=&]P/@T*/'`@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO
M8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/CQB/C$L-S4R/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P
M.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/CQB/C`\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C
M>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C`\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(@8F=C;VQO6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO
M8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB
M/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
M04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C8S.3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO
M8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C`\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO
M8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P
M/@T*/'`@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
MF4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C
M>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C`\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
MF4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C
M>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C(R-CPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M
M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/E4N4RX@9V]V97)N;65N="!A;F0@86=E;F-Y
M#0IS96-UF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C,S+#8P
M-SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
MF4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/BDF(WA!,#L\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C,S+#6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB
M/C$Q/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB
M/B@R/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/BDF(WA!,#L\+V(^/"]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P
M.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/CQB/C(L-#(T/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C
M>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C`\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
MF4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P
M.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/CQB/C$P+#4W-3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO
M8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P
M.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C
M>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C
M>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/BDF
M(WA!,#L\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF
M;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C0U-#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C0U-#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'
M24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
M04PG('-I>F4],T0R/D-O;6UO;B!A;F0@<')E9F5RF4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/CF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C(L-#@S/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
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M;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C$P+#(Q-3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C`\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P
M.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$
M)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/D]T:&5R(&EN
M=F5S=&UEG1S/"]F;VYT/CPO<#X-"CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C8U-#PO8CX\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C`\+V(^/"]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A
M<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C`\+V(^/"]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A
M<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R
M/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X],T0T/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE
M/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D
M92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$
M)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P
M)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$
M;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I
M>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4]
M,T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q
M(&YOF4]
M,T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S
M:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE
M/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.S8P
M+#@P-#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO
M8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.R@R,3D\+V(^/"]F;VYT
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M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB
M/CDL-C$P/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N
M;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^
M/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P
M.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.S$P+#@V-3PO8CX\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y
M)R!S:7IE/3-$,R!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A
M;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I
M>F4],T0S(&YOF4]
M,T0S(&YOF4],T0S('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!S:7IE/3-$,R!N;W-H861E/3-$
M;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T
M>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C
M-3DU.34Y)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H
M861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF
M;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU
M.34Y)R!S:7IE/3-$,R!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F
M)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@F4],T0Q/CQB/D-OF4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C
M;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/@T*/'`@F4],T0Q
M/CQB/E5N6QE/3-$)TU!
M4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,7!X)R!A;&EGCTS1')I
M9VAT/@T*/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A
M;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/@T*/'`@F4],T0Q/CQB/E5N6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P
M>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,7!X)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/@T*/&9O;G0@
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]L6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/
M33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/@T*/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/CQB/D)A"<@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=#X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
MF4],T0Q/CQB/F%N9"8C>$$P.T-A6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,7!X)R!A
M;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/@T*/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/@T*/'`@F4]
M,T0Q/CQB/E-H;W)T+71E6QE/3-$
M)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,7!X)R!A;&EGCTS
M1')I9VAT/@T*/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS
M<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/@T*/'`@F4],T0Q/CQB
M/D5Q=6ET>3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]P/@T*/'`@F4],T0Q/CQB
M/F%N9"8C>$$P.T]T:&5R/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\<"!S='EL93TS1"=-
M05)'24XM5$]0.B`P<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#%P>"<@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=#X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]T6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE
M/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS
M1&QE9G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N
M="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
M;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
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M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P
M.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]T6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
MF4],T0R
M/C`\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS
M1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]T
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT
M('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R
M/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF
M;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT
M/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
M;G0@F4]
M,T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4
M.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/D-EF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
M04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
MF4],T0R
M/C`\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS
M1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4
M.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/E4N4RX@9V]V97)N;65N="!A;F0-
M"F%G96YC>28C>$$P.W-E8W5R:71I97,\+V9O;G0^/"]P/@T*/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
M;G0@F4]
M,T0R/B@Q/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A
M<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/BDF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS
M1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C
M>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$
M)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/D9OF4],T0R/C4Q.#PO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O
M;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C
M>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C4S,3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R
M/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C4S,3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4]
M,T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0R/C,L,3,W/"]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A
M<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C$S-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT
M/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS
M1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/B@Q.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@
MF4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS
M1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P
M.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/CF4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C`\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%
M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/DUU;FEC:7!A;"!S
M96-UF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C(R/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO
M=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
M04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/B@Q/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/BDF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C8R-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P
M.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0R/C8L-C0P/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C$L,#,P/"]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A
M<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/B@T,3@\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/CF4]
M,T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT
M/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T
M>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C4P-SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^
M/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
MF4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C4\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q
M(&YOF4]
M,T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S
M:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE
M/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P
M,#`P)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E
M/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT
M('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P
M)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A
M;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I
M>F4],T0Q(&YOF4]
M,T0Q(&YO6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
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M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
M;G0@F4],T0R/BDF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4]
M,T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H\:'(@F4],T0S('=I
M9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$
M)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!S:7IE/3-$,R!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O
M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/
M3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!A
M;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S
M:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-
M"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!S:7IE
M/3-$,R!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS
M1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0S
M(&YOF4],T0S(&YO
MF5D($QO3X-"CQF;VYT('-T
M>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%2
M1TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$R<'@G/@T*)B-X03`[/"]P
M/@T*/'1A8FQE('-T>6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU#3TQ,05!313H@8V]L;&%PF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/CQB/DQEF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%2
M1TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,7!X)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/@T*/&9O;G0@$$P.U9A;'5E/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!R;W=S<&%N/3-$,SX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
M"<@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H\:'(@F4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O
M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P
M)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A
M;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q/CQB/D9A:7(F(WA!,#M686QU93PO
M8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T
M>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]L
MF4],T0Q/CQB/E5NF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P
M86X],T0R-#X-"CQHF4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO
M=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@8V]LF4],T0Q/CQB/DIU;F4F(WA!,#LS,"P@,C`Q,3PO8CX\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!C;VQS<&%N/3-$-#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0T/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@8V]L6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/C0X-#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/BDF(WA!,#L\+V(^/"]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P
M.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N
M/3-$F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P
M.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N
M/3-$F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P
M.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N
M/3-$F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B@W/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/CQB/B@R/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N
M;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C`\
M+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS
M1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B@R
M/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M,T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/BDF(WA!,#L\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/CF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B@T
M/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M,T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R
M/CQB/BDF(WA!,#L\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
M04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C(U/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O
M;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
M04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B@Q/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O
M;G0@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P
M.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/CF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B@R/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO
M8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E
M/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR
M('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2
M.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N
M;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C
M,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F
M9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.S,L,3$X/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O
M;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
M04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P
M.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N
M/3-$F4],T0R/CQB/BDF(WA!,#L\
M+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I
M>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO
M='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H\:'(@F4],T0S('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E
M/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT
M('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y
M)R!S:7IE/3-$,R!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A
M;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I
M>F4],T0S(&YOF4]
M,T0S(&YOF4],T0S('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!S:7IE/3-$,R!N;W-H861E/3-$
M;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T
M>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C
M-3DU.34Y)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S(&YOF4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS
M<&%N/3-$-B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@"<@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!R
M;W=S<&%N/3-$,R!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/@T*/&9O;G0@
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H\
M:'(@F4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$
M;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I
M>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X-"CQHF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]T
MF4],T0Q/CQB/D9A:7(F(WA!
M,#M686QU93PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT
M/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/CQB/E5NF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M(&-O;'-P86X],T0R-#X-"CQHF4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S
M:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@8V]L
MF4],T0Q/CQB/DIU;F4F(WA!,#LS,"P@
M,C`Q,#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
M;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
M;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!C;VQS<&%N
M/3-$-#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0T/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@8V]L6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
M04PG('-I>F4],T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/C(Q-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0R/C$P-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A
M;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T
M>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C$R,SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4
M.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/D-O6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C@Y/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
M;G0@F4]
M,T0R/B@U/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A
M<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/BDF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0R/C8V/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/B@Q/"]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A
M<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/BDF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
M;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT
M('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0R/C(L,3`R/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/B@S,SD\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C$Y,#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C(L,CDR/"]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P
M.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/B@T,3@\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]T
MF4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q('=I9'1H
M/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/
M3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2
M.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D
M92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH
M6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE
M9G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B@S-C`\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
M04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B@X-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL
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M>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/BDF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF
M;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H\:'(@F4],T0S('=I9'1H
M/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/
M3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!S:7IE/3-$,R!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2
M.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D
M92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH
M6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,R!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE
M9G0@6QE
M/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0S(&YO
MF4],T0S(&YO6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@#L@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,G!X)SX-"B8C>$$P.SPO
M<#X-"CQT86)L92!S='EL93TS1"="3U)$15(M0T],3$%04T4Z(&-O;&QA<'-E
M)R!B;W)D97(],T0P(&-E;&QS<&%C:6YG/3-$,"!C96QL<&%D9&EN9STS1#`@
M=VED=&@],T0Q,#`E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/@T*/"$M+2!"96=I;B!486)L
M92!(96%D("TM/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$.#@E/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,R4^/"]T9#X-"CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q/CQB/D-O
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS
M1')I9VAT/@T*/'`@F4],T0Q/CQB/D5S=&EM871E9#PO8CX\
M+V9O;G0^/"]P/@T*/'`@F4],T0Q/CQB/D9A:7(F(WA!,#M6
M86QU93PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]P/@T*/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E
M/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR
M('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@F4],T0Q/CQB/DIU;F4F(WA!,#LS,"P@,C`Q,3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!C;VQS<&%N/3-$-#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0T/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
M,T0C0T-%149&/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1'1O<#X-"CQP('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%
M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/D1U92!I;B!O;F4@
M>65AF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/C(S+#DX,CPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O
M;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0R/C$Y+#4Q-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%
M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/D1U92!A9G1EF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT
M/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&
M5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/D1U92!A9G1EF4],T0R/C(L
M.#$Q/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS
M1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C(L.30U/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO
M=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1'1O<#X-"CQP('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'
M24XM3$5&5#H@,F5M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
M04PG('-I>F4],T0R/E1O=&%L/"]F;VYT/CPO<#X-"CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C
M>$$P.S0X+#@R-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N
M;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y
M)R!S:7IE/3-$,R!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A
M;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I
M>F4],T0S(&YOF4]
M,T0S(&YO7!E.B!T
M97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE
M860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T<"UE<75I=CTS1$-O;G1E;G0M5'EP92!C;VYT
M96YT/3-$)W1E>'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS1&IUF4],T0R
M/D9O;&QO=VEN9R!A#(P,4,[9&5S:6=N871E9"!H961G92!D97)I=F%T:79E
M#(P,40[*2!A;F0@;F]T#0ID97-I9VYA=&5D(&%S(&AE9&=I;F<@:6YS
M=')U;65N=',@*"8C>#(P,4,[;F]N+61E&-L=61E('1H
M92!I;7!A8W0@;V8@;F5T=&EN9R!D97)I=F%T:79E(&%S2!C"<^#0HF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H\=&%B;&4@6QE/3-$
M)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS
M1')I9VAT/@T*/&9O;G0@"<@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=#X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M6QE
M/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,7!X)R!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT/@T*/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]L
M6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU4
M3U`Z(#!P>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/@T*
M/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU4
M3U`Z(#!P>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,7!X)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/@T*
M/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]L6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%2
M1TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/@T*/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/CQB/E)A=&4\+V(^
M/"]F;VYT/CPO<#X-"CQP('-T>6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%2
M1TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,7!X)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/@T*/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]L6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
M,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/@T*/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
M,7!X)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/@T*/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@8V]L6QE/3-$
M)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS
M1')I9VAT/@T*/&9O;G0@6QE
M/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,7!X)R!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT/@T*/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]L
M6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU4
M3U`Z(#!P>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/@T*
M/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/CQB
M/D1E2`M+3X-"CQT6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE
M9G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.S,P+"`R,#$Q/"]B/CPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]L
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/"]TF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\
M9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N
M="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
M;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
M6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M
M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/DYO;BUD97-I9VYA=&5D(&AE9&=E#0ID97)I
M=F%T:79EF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*/'`@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C
M>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.S$W
M.3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@F4],T0R
M/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C
M>$$P.R8C>$$P.S0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.S(Q-#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C`\+V(^/"]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A
M<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/CF4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$
M,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2
M.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C
M9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!A;&EGCTS
M1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O
M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N
M;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@
M6QE/3-$
M)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q(&YO6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R
M/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/C$W.3PO8CX\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4]
M,T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/C0\+V(^
M/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO
M=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/C(X-SPO
M8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(@8F=C;VQO6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C
M>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C`\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O
M;'-P86X],T0T/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE
M/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS
M1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0Q
M(&YOF4],T0Q(&YO
MF4],T0Q
M('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE
M/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D
M92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$
M)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P
M)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$
M;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1'1O<#X-"CQP('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4
M.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@-65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/E1O=&%L/"]F;VYT/CPO<#X-"CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N
M8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L
M:6=N/3-$F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/C`\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/C`\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/C`\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/C`\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/C$R.3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!S:7IE/3-$,R!N;W-H861E/3-$
M;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T
M>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C
M-3DU.34Y)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H
M861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF
M;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU
M.34Y)R!S:7IE/3-$,R!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F
M)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT
M('-I>F4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^
M#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1'1O<#X-"CQP('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM
M3$5&5#H@-V5M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/E1O=&%L(&%S6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\
M+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$
MF4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/C`\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/C$W/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P
M.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N
M/3-$F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P
M.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N
M/3-$F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF
M;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H\:'(@F4],T0S('=I9'1H
M/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/
M3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!S:7IE/3-$,R!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2
M.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D
M92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH
M6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,R!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE
M9G0@6QE
M/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0S(&YO
MF4],T0S(&YOF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\
M=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!C;VQS<&%N/3-$-#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
M,T0T/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@8V]L6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^
M/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$F4],T0R/CQB/BDF(WA!,#L\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$F4],T0R/CQB/BDF(WA!,#L\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B@Q.3PO
M8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B@T/"]B/CPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R
M87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(@8F=C;VQO
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
M;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
M;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
M;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&
M5#H@,V5M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/D]T:&5R(&-U6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B@Q,C@\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/BDF(WA!,#L\+V(^/"]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N
M8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L
M:6=N/3-$F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N
M8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L
M:6=N/3-$F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N
M8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L
M:6=N/3-$F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N
M8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L
M:6=N/3-$F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N
M8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L
M:6=N/3-$F4]
M,T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$
M;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T
M>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C
M,#`P,#`P)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H
M861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF
M;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P
M,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F
M)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B@R,3D\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/BDF(WA!
M,#L\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT
M('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$F4],T0R/CQB/BDF(WA!,#L\
M+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I
M>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO8CX\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B@Q.3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B@T/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I
M>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H\:'(@F4],T0S('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N
M;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C
M-3DU.34Y)R!S:7IE/3-$,R!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F
M9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!A;&EGCTS1')I
M9VAT('-I>F4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!S:7IE/3-$,R!N;W-H
M861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*
M/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/
M3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S(&YO6QE/3-$)TU!
M4D=)3BU43U`Z(#$R<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>#L@1D].5"U325I%
M.B`Q<'@G/@T*)B-X03`[/"]P/@T*/'1A8FQE('-T>6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU#
M3TQ,05!313H@8V]L;&%P6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@"<@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=#X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4]
M,T0Q/CQB/D5X8VAA;F=E/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\<"!S='EL93TS1"=-
M05)'24XM5$]0.B`P<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#%P>"<@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=#X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@"<@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X-"CQF;VYT
M('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@"<@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X-"CQF;VYT
M('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@"<@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%21TE.
M+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/@T*/&9O;G0@"<@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@"<@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@"<@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@"<@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=#X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@"<@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=#X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@"<@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X-"CQF;VYT
M('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P
M>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,7!X)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/@T*/&9O;G0@
MF4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\
M+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@8V]LF4],T0Q/CQB/DIU;F4F(WA!,#LS,"P@,C`Q,#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^
M#0H\='(^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!C;VQS<&%N/3-$-#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M(&-O;'-P86X],T0T/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@8V]L6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)U1%
M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,V5M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/E-H;W)T+71E6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P
M.S$S-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M,T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.S<\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
M04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.S@\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.S$W-CPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^
M/&9O;G0@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS
M1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C,T/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO
M=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
M04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$
M,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2
M.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C
M9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!A;&EGCTS
M1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O
M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N
M;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
M04PG('-I>F4],T0R/C$S-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/C<\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/C@\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
M04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/C(Q,#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)U1%
M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,V5M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/E-H;W)T+71E6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@F4]
M,T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S
M:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE
M/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P
M,#`P)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E
M/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT
M('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P
M)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A
M;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I
M>F4],T0Q(&YOF4]
M,T0Q(&YO6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/C`\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
M04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/C`\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/C4V-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H\:'(@F4],T0S('=I
M9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$
M)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!S:7IE/3-$,R!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O
M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/
M3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!A
M;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S
M:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-
M"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!S:7IE
M/3-$,R!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS
M1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0S
M(&YOF4],T0S(&YO
M6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R
M/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
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M>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
M;G0@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$
M)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S('=I9'1H
M/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/
M3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!S:7IE/3-$,R!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2
M.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D
M92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH
M6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,R!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE
M9G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS
M<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N
M/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$
M,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\
M9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N
M="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$
M14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/DYO;BUD97-I9VYA=&5D(&AE
M9&=E#0ID97)I=F%T:79EF4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*
M/'`@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B@Q-38\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/"]TF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*/'`@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/C`\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
M04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/C`\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
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M)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O
M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/
M3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!A
M;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S
M:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-
M"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE
M/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS
M1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0Q
M(&YOF4],T0Q(&YO
MF4],T0Q
M('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*
M/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1'1O<#X-"CQP
M('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@-V5M
M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/E1O=&%L(&QI86)I;&ET:65S/"]F;VYT/CPO<#X-"CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B@V.3PO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^
M/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
M04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B@Q-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B@S,SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O
M;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/B@T,3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
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M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!A;&EGCTS1')I
M9VAT('-I>F4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!S:7IE/3-$,R!N;W-H
M861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*
M/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/
M3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S('=I9'1H/3-$
M,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2
M.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!S:7IE/3-$,R!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/"]T86)L93X-
M"CPO9&EV/CQS<&%N/CPO3X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@'!E;G-E*2!T:&4@9F]L;&]W:6YG(&=A:6YS("AL
M;W-S97,I(')E;&%T960@=&\@9F%I"<^#0HF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H\=&%B;&4@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/CQB/D9OF4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]T6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'
M24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
M04PG('-I>F4],T0R/DAE9&=E9"!I=&5M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/C8P
M/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO
M=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/B@Q,C`\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q
M(&YOF4]
M,T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S
M:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE
M/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B@W/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O
M;G0@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R
M/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH
M6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,R!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE
M9G0@6QE
M/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0S(&YO
MF4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S('=I
M9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R
M/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@8V]LF4],T0Q/CQB/D5Q=6ET>2!#;VYTF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4
M.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/D1EF4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/C$Y,3PO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O
M;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO
M8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/CQB/C`\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R
M/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/B@R,3$\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q(&YO
MF4],T0Q
M('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE
M/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D
M92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$
M)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
MF4],T0R/CQB/C`\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P
M.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4]
M,T0R/BDF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H\:'(@
MF4],T0S('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!S:7IE/3-$,R!N;W-H861E
M/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR
M('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2
M.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S(&YO'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@
M("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$#L@
M34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS1&IUF4],T0R/E=E(')E8V]G
M;FEZ960@=&AE#0IF;VQL;W=I;F<@9V%I;G,@*&QO2!C87-H(&9L;W<@:&5D9V5S(&1U
M#L@
M1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,G!X)SX-"B8C>$$P.SPO<#X-"CQT86)L92!S='EL93TS
M1"="3U)$15(M0T],3$%04T4Z(&-O;&QA<'-E)R!B;W)D97(],T0P(&-E;&QS
M<&%C:6YG/3-$,"!C96QL<&%D9&EN9STS1#`@=VED=&@],T0Q,#`E(&%L:6=N
M/3-$8V5N=&5R/@T*/"$M+2!"96=I;B!486)L92!(96%D("TM/@T*/'1R/@T*
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-SDE/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$,R4^/"]T9#X-"CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#,E/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0Q/CQB
M/BA);B!M:6QL:6]NF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
M;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
MF4],T0Q('=I9'1H
M/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*
M/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@8V]LF4],T0Q/CQB/EEE87(@16YD960@2G5N928C>$$P
M.S,P+#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
M;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C
M;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS
M<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M
M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/D=A:6X@*&QO"!E9F9E8W0@;V8@/&(^)FYB6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P
M.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&
M5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/D=A:6X@*&QOF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
M;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@F4],T0Q/CQB/D%M;W5N="!%>&-L=61E
M9"!FF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
M;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$
M)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/DQO'!E;G-E*3PO9F]N=#X\+W`^
M#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO8CX\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B@S,30\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q(&YO'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R
M/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$#L@34%21TE.+4)/
M5%1/33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS1&IUF4],T0R/D=A:6YS("AL;W-S97,I(&9R
M;VT-"F-H86YG97,@:6X@9F%I'!E;G-E*2X@5&AE2!C;VYT2!E8V]N
M;VUI8V%L;'D@;V9F"<^#0HF(WA!
M,#L\+W`^#0H\=&%B;&4@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]L
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$
M,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$
M,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$
M,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-
M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/D9OF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$F4],T0R/CQB/BDF(WA!,#L\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.S$P
M-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N
M;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM
M3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/D5Q=6ET>2!C;VYT6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/BDF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(@8F=C;VQO6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P
M.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/C(R/"]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A
M<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/B@Q.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM
M3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/D-O;6UO9&ET>2!C;VYT6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
MF4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I
M9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/B@Q,C8\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q
M(&YOF4]
M,T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S
M:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE
M/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/C$Y.3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P
M.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/B@U,#0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4]
M,T0S(&YOF4],T0S
M(&YO'1087)T7S=C.68R-3AC7S!C-3!?-#5E,E\Y.60Y
M7S4S9C)E.6-F,#,V.0T*0V]N=&5N="U,;V-A=&EOCH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\W
M8SEF,C4X8U\P8S4P7S0U93)?.3ED.5\U,V8R93EC9C`S-CDO5V]R:W-H965T
M'0O:F%V87-C
M3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@
M8VQA#L@34%21TE.+4)/
M5%1/33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS1&IUF4],T0R/E1H92!F;VQL;W=I;F<@=&%B
M;&5S#0IP6QE/3-$
M)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X.R!&3TY4+5-)
M6D4Z(#$R<'@G/@T*)B-X03`[/"]P/@T*/'1A8FQE('-T>6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%
M4BU#3TQ,05!313H@8V]L;&%P6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.S,\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF
M;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]L6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
M,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/@T*/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/CQB/D9A:7(\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO<#X-"CQP
M('-T>6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,7!X
M)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/@T*/&9O;G0@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C
M;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SQS=7`@
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$
M;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T
M>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.S,P+"`R,#$Q/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
M;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&
M5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/DUU='5A;"!F=6YD6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO
M8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/C`\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.R8C
M>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/C`\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C
M>$$P.R8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/C$L
M-S4R/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N
M8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L
M:6=N/3-$F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N
M8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L
M:6=N/3-$6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB
M/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
M04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C`\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB
M/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
M04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C`\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB
M/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
M04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C`\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/D-EF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C`\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P
M.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C`\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P
M.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C`\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P
M.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-
M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/E4N4RX@9V]V97)N;65N="!A;F0@86=E;F-Y#0IS
M96-UF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C(S+#4Y,3PO
M8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
MF4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(@8F=C;VQO6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C,P,SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P
M.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P
M.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P
M.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M=&]P/@T*/'`@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C(L-#(X/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C`\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P
M.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C
M>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(@8F=C;VQO6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C$P+#8P,#PO
M8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
MF4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*/'`@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4]
M,T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4]
M,T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4]
M,T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\
M='(@8F=C;VQO6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
MF4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C
M>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/CDL.#@Q/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
M,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/D1EF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
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M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C(P
M/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M,T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C0Q
M-CPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
MF4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^
M#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X],T0T/@T*/&AR
M('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$
M;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T
M>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C
M,#`P,#`P)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H
M861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF
M;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P
M,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F
M)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT
M('-I>F4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^
M#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1'1O<#X-"CQP('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM
M3$5&5#H@,F5M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/E1O=&%L/"]F;VYT/CPO<#X-"CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.S(U+#6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB
M/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.S8Q+#(V,CPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
MF4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.S8Q+#`U
M.#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C
M-3DU.34Y)R!S:7IE/3-$,R!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F
M9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!A;&EGCTS1')I
M9VAT('-I>F4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!S:7IE/3-$,R!N;W-H
M861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*
M/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/
M3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S('=I9'1H/3-$
M,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D
M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@8V]LF4],T0Q/CQB
M/DQI86)I;&ET:65S/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]T6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/C$P.3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB
M/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M(&%L:6=N/3-$F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB
M/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M(&%L:6=N/3-$F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO
M8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B@R,#,\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/BDF(WA!,#L\+V(^
M/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB
M/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M(&%L:6=N/3-$F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO
M8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M(&-O;'-P86X],T0R-#X-"CQHF4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S
M:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@8V]L
MF4],T0Q/CQB/BA);B!M:6QL:6]NF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T
M>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT
M('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@"<@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/
M33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/@T*/&9O;G0@"<@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/CQB/DYE='1I;F6QE/3-$)U!/4TE424]..B!R96QA=&EV93L@0D]45$]-.B`P+CAE
M>#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)AF4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/CQB/DYE="!&86ER/&)R
M("\^#0I686QU93PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$
M,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\
M9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N
M="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
M;G0@F4],T0Q
M/CQB/D%SF4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
M;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!C
M;VQS<&%N/3-$-#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0T/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M8V]L6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&
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M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C
M>$$P.R8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.R8C>$$P
M.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4
M.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/D-O;6UE6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C$W,CPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^
M/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
MF4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C$W,CPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R
M87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C$W
M,CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N
M;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P
M.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C,T.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C
M>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C,T.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R
M/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C,T.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T
M>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M
M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/D9OF4],T0R/C(S
M.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N
M;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I
M9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS
M1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&
M5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/DUOF4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS
M1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C,L,C8T/"]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C
M>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT
M('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$
M)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/D-O6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P
M.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/CF4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C$V-SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R
M87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/CF4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0R/C`\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
M04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
MF4],T0R
M/C`\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
M;G0@F4]
M,T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0R/C8L.3@X/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
M;G0@F4]
M,T0R/C0S/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A
M<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C4\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS
M1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I
M9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N
M;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C
M,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F
M9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!A;&EGCTS1')I
M9VAT('-I>F4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H
M861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*
M/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
M04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.S$X,3PO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O
M;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/BDF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/
M3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!S:7IE/3-$,R!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2
M.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D
M92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH
M6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,R!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE
M9G0@6QE
M/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0S(&YO
MF4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S('=I
M9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R
M/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@8V]LF4]
M,T0Q/CQB/DQI86)I;&ET:65S/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]T6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/C$S-SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O
M;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R
M/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/BDF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@2`M+3X\+W1A8FQE/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C
M,#`P,#`P)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%21TE.+4)/
M5%1/33H@,'!X.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#9P>"<^#0HF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H\=&%B
M;&4@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@2!E;F9O'0^/&1I=CX-"CQP('-T>6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P
M>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS1&IUF4],T0R/E1H92!T
M86)L92!B96QO=PT*#(P
M,3,[#0I);G9E$$P.S,P+"`R,#$Q(&%N9"`R
M,#$P+CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\<"!S='EL93TS1"=-05)'24XM5$]0.B`P<'@[
M($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>#L@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,G!X)SX-"B8C>$$P
M.SPO<#X-"CQT86)L92!S='EL93TS1"="3U)$15(M0T],3$%04T4Z(&-O;&QA
M<'-E)R!B;W)D97(],T0P(&-E;&QS<&%C:6YG/3-$,"!C96QL<&%D9&EN9STS
M1#`@=VED=&@],T0Q,#`E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/@T*/"$M+2!"96=I;B!4
M86)L92!(96%D("TM/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$.#@E/CPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,R4^/"]T9#X-"CQT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$
M,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D
M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@8V]LF4],T0Q
M/CQB/C(P,3$\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q
M/CQB/C(P,3`\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]T6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
M04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]T
MF4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C$L-C0X/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A
M;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM
M3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/D-O;6UO;B!A;F0@<')E9F5RF4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C,S-#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/C(Q-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B@U-#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO
M8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/BDF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\
M='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*/'`@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4]
M,T0R/C8R/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A
M<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N
M;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
M,T0C0T-%149&/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1'1O<#X-"CQP('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%
M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,F5M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/E)E8V]R9&5D(&)A
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/C8S+#8S-SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!A
M;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S(&YO'0^/&1I=CX-"CQP('-T>6QE/3-$
M)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#$R<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>"<@86QI9VX]
M,T1J=7-T:69Y/@T*/&9O;G0@2!O9B!T:&5S92!I;G-T"<^#0HF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H\=&%B;&4@F4],T0Q/CQB/BA);B!M:6QL:6]NF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$
M,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/@T*/'`@F4],T0Q/CQB/D-OF4],T0Q/CQB/DYO
M=&5S)B-X03`[86YD/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\<"!S='EL93TS1"=-05)'
M24XM5$]0.B`P<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#%P>"<@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=#X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]L6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%2
M1TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/@T*/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%2
M1TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/@T*/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%21TE.
M+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/@T*/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%2
M1TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,7!X)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/@T*/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT
M/@T*/'`@F4],T0Q/CQB/D1E6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%21TE.+4)/
M5%1/33H@,7!X)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/@T*/&9O;G0@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/CQB/E1O
M=&%L/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\(2TM($5N
M9"!486)L92!(96%D("TM/CPA+2T@0F5G:6X@5&%B;&4@0F]D>2`M+3X-"CQT
M6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S
M:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE
M/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!C;VQS
M<&%N/3-$-#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0T/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@8V]L
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
M04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO
M='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*/'`@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
M;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(@8F=C;VQO6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB
M/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P
M.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/CQB/C`\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B@X-3PO8CX\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B@X
M-3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\
M='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X],T0T/@T*/&AR('-T
M>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S
M:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE
M/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P
M,#`P)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N
M;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/
M3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2
M.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4]
M,T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/C4\+V(^
M/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO
M=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB
M/C(P/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\
M+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$
M)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!S:7IE/3-$,R!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O
M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/
M3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!A
M;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E
M/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT
M('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C
M-3DU.34Y)R!S:7IE/3-$,R!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F
M9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P
M86X],T0Q-CX-"CQHF4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO
M=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@8V]L6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N
M/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]L
MF4],T0Q/CQB/D1EF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I
M9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]T6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$
M;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T
M>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!C
M;VQS<&%N/3-$-#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0T/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M8V]L6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.S4\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C
M>$$P.R8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.S4\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N
M8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.S(V,SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(@8F=C;VQO6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT
M('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A
M;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@F4],T0R/BDF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT
M/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/BDF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X],T0T/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/
M3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2
M.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$
M;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I
M>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P
M,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F
M)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/C4\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CD\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/C$X,3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H\:'(@F4],T0S('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N
M;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C
M-3DU.34Y)R!S:7IE/3-$,R!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F
M9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$
M;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1'1O<#X-"CQP('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4
M.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/D-H86YG92!I;B!U;G)E86QI>F5D
M(&=A:6YS("AL;W-S97,I#0II;F-L=61E9"!I;B!O=&AEF4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/B8C
M>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@7!E.B!T97AT
M+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^
M#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T<"UE<75I=CTS1$-O;G1E;G0M5'EP92!C;VYT96YT
M/3-$)W1E>'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA#L@34%21TE.
M+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS1&IUF4],T0R/E1H92!C;VUP;VYE;G1S
M(&]F#0II;G9E;G1O6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
M,'!X.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$R<'@G/@T*)B-X03`[/"]P/@T*/'1A8FQE('-T
M>6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU#3TQ,05!313H@8V]L;&%PF4],T0Q/CQB/BA);B!M:6QL
M:6]NF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q('=I
M9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R
M/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@8V]LF4],T0Q/CQB/C(P,3$\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/CQB/C(P,3`\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]T
M6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.S$W,CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO
M8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/CQB/C4V/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF
M;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$
M)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/D9I;FES:&5D
M(&=O;V1S/"]F;VYT/CPO<#X-"CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C$L,#@T/"]B/CPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R
M87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO
M=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1'1O<#X-"CQP('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'
M24XM3$5&5#H@,F5M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
M04PG('-I>F4],T0R/E1O=&%L/"]F;VYT/CPO<#X-"CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S(&YO3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\W8SEF
M,C4X8U\P8S4P7S0U93)?.3ED.5\U,V8R93EC9C`S-CD-"D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C
M871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-V,Y9C(U.&-?,&,U,%\T-64R7SDY9#E?-3-F
M,F4Y8V8P,S8Y+U=O'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA2!A;F0@17%U:7!M96YT
M/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\9&EV/@T*/'`@#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)R!A
M;&EGCTS1&IUF4],T0R/E1H92!C;VUP;VYE;G1S(&]F#0IP2!A
M;F0@97%U:7!M96YT('=E"<^#0HF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H\=&%B;&4@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D
M92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$
M)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@F4],T0Q/CQB
M/DIU;F4F(WA!,#LS,"P\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I
M9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I
M9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N
M8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L
M:6=N/3-$F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]T6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/C8L,#@W/"]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P
M.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C(L,S0U/"]B/CPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R
M87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&
M5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/D-O;7!U=&5R(&5Q=6EP;65N="!A;F0-"G-O9G1W87)E/"]F;VYT
M/CPO<#X-"CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C8L-C`Q/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'
M24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
M04PG('-I>F4],T0R/D9UF4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C$L.3DQ/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A
M;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$
M;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T
M>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I
M9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/"]T6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B@X+#8R.3PO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R
M87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E
M/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT
M('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P
M)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A
M;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO
M8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!A
M;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S(&YO3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\W
M8SEF,C4X8U\P8S4P7S0U93)?.3ED.5\U,V8R93EC9C`S-CD-"D-O;G1E;G0M
M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-V,Y9C(U.&-?,&,U,%\T-64R7SDY9#E?
M-3-F,F4Y8V8P,S8Y+U=O'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA'0^/&1I=CX-"CQP('-T>6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#$R
M<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>"<@86QI9VX],T1J=7-T:69Y/@T*/&9O
M;G0@6EN9PT*86UO=6YT(&]F(&=O;V1W:6QL(&9O65A2!S96=M96YT('=E6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z
M(#!P>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$R<'@G/@T*
M)B-X03`[/"]P/@T*/'1A8FQE('-T>6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU#3TQ,05!313H@
M8V]L;&%PF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT
M/@T*/'`@F4],T0Q/CQB/D)A;&%N8V4F(WA!,#MAF4],T0Q/CQB/F]F)B-X03`[2G5N
M928C>$$P.S,P+#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]P/@T*/'`@F4],T0Q
M/CQB/C(P,#D\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO<#X-"CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/CQB/D%C<75IF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$
M,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/@T*/'`@F4],T0Q/CQB/E!U"<@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X-"CQF;VYT
M('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/CQB
M/D%D:G5S=&UEG1S/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\<"!S='EL93TS1"=-05)'
M24XM5$]0.B`P<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#%P>"<@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=#X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$
M,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/@T*/'`@F4],T0Q/CQB/D)A;&%N
M8V4F(WA!,#MAF4],T0Q
M/CQB/F]F)B-X03`[2G5N928C>$$P.S,P+#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]P/@T*/'`@
MF4],T0Q/CQB/C(P,3`\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO<#X-"CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]L
MF4],T0Q/CQB/D%C<75IF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/@T*/'`@F4],T0Q/CQB/E!U"<@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=#X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
MF4],T0Q/CQB/D%D:G5S=&UEG1S/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\
M<"!S='EL93TS1"=-05)'24XM5$]0.B`P<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#%P
M>"<@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/@T*/'`@F4],T0Q/CQB/D)A;&%N8V4F(WA!,#MAF4],T0Q/CQB/F]F)B-X03`[2G5N928C>$$P.S,P+#PO8CX\
M+V9O;G0^/"]P/@T*/'`@F4],T0Q/CQB/C(P,3$\+V(^/"]F
M;VYT/CPO<#X-"CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I
M>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q/CQB/BA);B!M:6QL:6]NF4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C
M;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS
M<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N
M/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$
M,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\
M9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N
M="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M$$P.R9A;7`[(%=I;F1O=W,@3&EV90T*1&EV
M:7-I;VX\+V9O;G0^/"]P/@T*/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P
M.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N
M8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/CF4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/C@Y
M/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M,T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M
M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/E-E6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT
M/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C$S/"]B/CPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R
M87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
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M,T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4]
M,T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\
M='(@8F=C;VQO6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF
M;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/BDF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C
M>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C8L,S6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
M,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/DUI8W)O6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A
M;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@F4],T0R/BDF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C
M>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
M;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P
M.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(@8F=C;VQO6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
M04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/BDF(WA!,#L\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/CQB/C@Q,SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q(&YO
MF4],T0Q
M('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE
M/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D
M92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$
M)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P
M)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$
M;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I
M>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4]
M,T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q
M(&YO6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.S$Y
M.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N
M;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
M04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.S$R+#,Y-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.S0W/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O
M;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
M04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB
M/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.S$R+#4X,3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!S:7IE/3-$,R!N;W-H861E/3-$
M;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T
M>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C
M-3DU.34Y)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H
M861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF
M;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU
M.34Y)R!S:7IE/3-$,R!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F
M)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT
M('-I>F4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!S:7IE/3-$,R!N;W-H861E
M/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H\+W1R/@T*/"]T86)L93X-"@T*#0H\+V1I=CX\'0O:F%V
M87-C3X-"B`@("`\=&%B
M;&4@8VQA#L@34%2
M1TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS1&IUF4],T0R/E1H92!C;VUP;VYE
M;G1S(&]F#0II;G1A;F=I8FQE(&%S6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X
M.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$R<'@G/@T*)B-X03`[/"]P/@T*/'1A8FQE('-T>6QE
M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU#3TQ,05!313H@8V]L;&%P6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C
M;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS
M1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M8V]LF4],T0Q/CQB/D%C8W5M=6QA=&5D/&)R("\^
M#0I!;6]R=&EZ871IVX\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/CQB/DYE="8C>$$P.T-AF4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\
M9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N
M="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS
M1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N
M="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS
M1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M
M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/D-O;G1R86-T+6)AF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C
M>$$P.R8C>$$P.S$P,CPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/C$V,3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@2UB87-E9"8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0Q/CQS=7`@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/BDF(WA!,#L\+V(^/"]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P
M.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/CQB/C4R-3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R
M/C(L,S`X/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A
M<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/B@Q+#4R,3PO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^
M/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A
M;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/"]TF4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/C$Q-#PO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R
M87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
MF4],T0R
M/C(X/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS
M1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C,R-CPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P
M.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF
M;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q
M(&YOF4]
M,T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S
M:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE
M/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P
M,#`P)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N
M;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C
M,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F
M9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/C,L.#8S/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$F4],T0R
M/CQB/BDF(WA!,#L\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
M04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$F4],T0R/CQB
M/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
M04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.R@R+#F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
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M+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$
M)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!S:7IE/3-$,R!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O
M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/
M3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!A
M;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S
M:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-
M"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!S:7IE
M/3-$,R!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS
M1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I
M>F4],T0S(&YOF4]
M,T0S(&YOF4],T0S('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\
M+W1R/@T*/"$M+2!%;F0@5&%B;&4@0F]D>2`M+3X\+W1A8FQE/@T*/'`@$$P.SPO<#X-"CQT86)L92!S='EL93TS1"="
M3U)$15(M0T],3$%04T4Z(&-O;&QA<'-E)R!B;W)D97(],T0P(&-E;&QS<&%C
M:6YG/3-$,"!C96QL<&%D9&EN9STS1#`@=VED=&@],T0Q,#`E/@T*/'1R/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1'1O<"!W:61T:#TS1#0E(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/BAA*3PO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1'1O<"!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0^#0H\
M<"!A;&EGCTS1&IU2P@;V8-"FYE="!C87)R>6EN9R!A;6]U;G0@
M;V8@'0^/&1I=CX-"CQP('-T>6QE/3-$
M)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS
M1&IUF4],T0R/E1H92!C;VUP;VYE;G1S(&]F#0II;G1A;F=I8FQE(&%S"<^#0HF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H\=&%B;&4@F4],T0Q/CQB/BA);B!M:6QL:6]NF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N
M/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@"<@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X-"CQF
M;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU4
M3U`Z(#!P>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,7!X)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/@T*
M/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N
M/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@"<@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X-"CQF
M;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU4
M3U`Z(#!P>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,7!X)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/@T*
M/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D
M92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@8V]L6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/CQB/C(P
M,3$\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT
M('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/CQB/C(P,3`\
M+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I
M>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]T6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'
M24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
M04PG('-I>F4],T0R/D-O;G1R86-T+6)AF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P
M.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N
M/3-$F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R
M/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C(F(WA!,#MY96%R6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@2UB87-E9#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO
M8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@$$P.WEE87)S/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C0F
M(WA!,#MY96%R6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@65AF4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*/'`@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB
M/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
M04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C0F(WA!,#MY96%R6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/C$X/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C4F(WA!
M,#MY96%R6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S
M:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE
M/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2
M.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C
M9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4
M.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,F5M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/E1O=&%L/"]F;VYT/CPO<#X-"CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N
M8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L
M:6=N/3-$F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@$$P.WEE87)S/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.S,T,SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@65A6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU
M.34Y)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S(&YOF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
M;G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!A;&EGCTS
M1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S(&YOF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\(2TM($5N9"!486)L92!";V1Y("TM/CPO=&%B
M;&4^#0H\+V1I=CX\F%T:6]N($5X
M<&5N'0^/&1I=CX-"CQP('-T>6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)
M3BU43U`Z(#$R<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>"<@86QI9VX],T1J=7-T
M:69Y/@T*/&9O;G0@"<^#0HF(WA!,#L\+W`^
M#0H\=&%B;&4@F4],T0Q/CQB/BA);B!M:6QL:6]NF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\
M9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N
M;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]T6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
M,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/C(P,3(\+V9O;G0^/"]P/@T*/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R
M/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT
M('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R
M/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A
M;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%
M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/C(P,34\+V9O;G0^
M/"]P/@T*/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/C$P/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF
M;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T-/
M3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2
M.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/"]TF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2
M.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!S:7IE/3-$,R!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/"]T86)L93X-
M"CPO9&EV/CQS<&%N/CPO7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\
M:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T<"UE<75I=CTS1$-O;G1E
M;G0M5'EP92!C;VYT96YT/3-$)W1E>'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA3X-"CQF
M;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@'0@9FEV92!Y96%R6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%2
M1TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$R<'@G/@T*)B-X03`[/"]P
M/@T*/'1A8FQE('-T>6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU#3TQ,05!313H@8V]L;&%PF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/"]TF4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^
M#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@8V]L6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.S,P+#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^
M#0H\='(^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!C;VQS<&%N/3-$-#X\+W1D/@T*/"]T
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
M,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/C(P,3,\+V9O;G0^/"]P/@T*/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R
M/C,L,#`P/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A
M<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I
M9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/C(L-3`P/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S
M:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1'1O<#X-"CQP('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,F5M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/E1O=&%L/"]F;VYT/CPO<#X-"CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.S$R+#`P,#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H\:'(@'0^/&1I=CX-"CQP('-T>6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU4
M3U`Z(#$R<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>"<@86QI9VX],T1J=7-T:69Y
M/@T*/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X
M.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$R<'@G/@T*)B-X03`[/"]P/@T*/'1A8FQE('-T>6QE
M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU#3TQ,05!313H@8V]L;&%P"<@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X-"CQF
M;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/CQB/E)A=&4\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO<#X-"CPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M8V]L6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)
M3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT
M/@T*/&9O;G0@"<@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/@T*/'`@F4],T0Q/CQB/DEN=&5R97-T/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\<"!S='EL
M93TS1"=-05)'24XM5$]0.B`P<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#%P>"<@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=#X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/@T*/'`@F4],T0Q/CQB/DEN=&5R97-T/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\<"!S='EL93TS
M1"=-05)'24XM5$]0.B`P<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#%P>"<@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=#X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
MF4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C
M;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/@T*/'`@F4],T0Q
M/CQB/DEN=&5R97-T/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\<"!S='EL93TS1"=-05)'
M24XM5$]0.B`P<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#%P>"<@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=#X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@"<@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X-"CQF;VYT
M('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z
M(#!P>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,7!X)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/@T*/&9O
M;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]T
MF4],T0Q(&YO
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]T
MF4],T0Q/CQB/DYO=&5S/"]B
M/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]T6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4
M.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/E-E<'1E;6)E$$P.S(W+"8C
M>$$P.S(P,3,\+V9O;G0^/"]P/@T*/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/C$L,#`P/"]B
M/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N
M;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C`N.#6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
MF4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.S(W/"]B/CPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R
M87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/E-E<'1E;6)E
M$$P.S$U/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO
M8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/CQB/E-E<'1E;6)E$$P.S(W/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM
M3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/DIU;F4F(WA!,#LQ+"`R,#$T/"]F;VYT/CPO<#X-"CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P
M.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/CQB/C(L,#`P/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C
M>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C(N.34P)3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P
M.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/DIU;F4@,3PO
M8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M
M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/E-E<'1E;6)E$$P.S(U+"8C>$$P.S(P
M,34\+V9O;G0^/"]P/@T*/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
M;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB
M/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C$N
M-SDU)3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C
M>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$
M14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/D9E8G)U87)Y)B-X03`[."P@
M,C`Q-CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/CQB
M/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C(N
M-C0R)3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@28C>$$P.S$\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P
M.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/D%U9W5S="`Q/"]B
M/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N
M;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/D%U9W5S
M="`X/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&
M5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/DIU;F4F(WA!,#LQ+"`R,#$Y/"]F;VYT/CPO<#X-"CPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO
M8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/CQB/C$L,#`P/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P
M.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/CQB/C0N,C`P)3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C
M>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
M;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/DIU;F4@,3PO8CX\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/D]C
M=&]B97(F(WA!,#LQ+"`R,#(P/"]F;VYT/CPO<#X-"CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB
M/C$L,#`P/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N
M;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/CQB/C,N,#`P)3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO
M8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C
M>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'
M24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
M04PG('-I>F4],T0R/D9E8G)U87)Y)B-X03`[."P@,C`R,3PO9F]N=#X\+W`^
M#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO
M8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C0N,#@R)3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@2`Q/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&
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M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P
M.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M=&]P/@T*/'`@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M$$P.S$L(#(P,SD\+V9O;G0^/"]P/@T*/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P
M.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/CQB/C4N,C`P)3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C
M>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
M;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/DIU;F4@,3PO8CX\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-
M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/D]C=&]B97(F(WA!,#LQ+"`R,#0P/"]F;VYT/CPO
M<#X-"CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C$L,#`P/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C0N-3`P)3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R
M/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO
M8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'
M24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
M04PG('-I>F4],T0R/D9E8G)U87)Y)B-X03`[."P@,C`T,3PO9F]N=#X\+W`^
M#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C
M>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
M;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
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M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/"]TF4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!C;VQS<&%N/3-$-#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0T/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]L
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]L
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/"]T6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M
M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/DIU;F4F(WA!,#LQ-2P@,C`Q,SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P
M.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0R/CQB/BDF(WA!,#L\+V(^
M/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q
M('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$
M14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,F5M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/E1O=&%L/"]F;VYT/CPO<#X-
M"CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB
M/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M(&%L:6=N/3-$F4],T0R/CQB
M/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H\:'(@F4],T0S('=I
M9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
M;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
M;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@2`M
M+3X\+W1A8FQE/@T*/'`@#L@34%2
M1TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS1&IUF4],T0R/E1H92!C;VUP;VYE
M;G1S(&]F#0IL;VYG+71E"<^#0HF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H\=&%B;&4@F4],T0Q
M/CQB/D1U92!$871E/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q
M/CQB/D9A8V4@5F%L=64\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]L6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%21TE.
M+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/@T*/&9O;G0@"<@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X-
M"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS
M1')I9VAT/@T*/'`@F4],T0Q/CQB/D5F9F5C=&EV93QB6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)
M3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,7!X)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT
M/@T*/&9O;G0@"<@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%2
M1TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,7!X)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/@T*/&9O;G0@"<@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%21TE.
M+4)/5%1/33H@,7!X)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/@T*/&9O;G0@"<@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/
M33H@,7!X)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/@T*/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]L6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)R!A
M;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/@T*/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/CQB/E!A>0T*1&%T93PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]P/@T*
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E
M/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/CQB/BA);B8C>$$P.VUI;&QIVYS*3PO8CX\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C
M;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS
M<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N
M/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C
M;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS
M<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.S$L(#(P,30\+V9O;G0^
M/"]P/@T*/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS
M1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C,N,#0Y)3PO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^
M/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.S$U/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO
M=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
M04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/D1E8V5M8F5R)B-X03`[
M,3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N
M;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.S$L(#(P,3D\+V9O;G0^
M/"]P/@T*/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
M04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
M;G0@F4]
M,T0R/DUA>2`Q-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N
M;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I
M9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.S$L(#(P,SD\+V9O;G0^/"]P/@T*/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
M04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
M;G0@F4]
M,T0R/C4N,C0P)3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N
M;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/DYO
M=F5M8F5R(#$U/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO
M=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
M04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/D1E8V5M8F5R(#$\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H
M861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF
M;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,F5M
M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/E1O=&%L/"]F;VYT/CPO<#X-"CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO
M='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!C;VQS<&%N/3-$-#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0T/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@8V]L6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A
M;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*/'`@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
M;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
M;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H\:'(@3X-"CPO
M:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\W8SEF,C4X8U\P8S4P7S0U93)?
M.3ED.5\U,V8R93EC9C`S-CD-"D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O
M0SHO-V,Y9C(U.&-?,&,U,%\T-64R7SDY9#E?-3-F,F4Y8V8P,S8Y+U=O'0O:'1M;#L@
M8VAA'0^/&1I
M=CX-"CQP('-T>6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#$R<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U14
M3TTZ(#!P>"<@86QI9VX],T1J=7-T:69Y/@T*/&9O;G0@&5S('=E"<^#0HF(WA!,#L\
M+W`^#0H\=&%B;&4@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q('=I9'1H
M/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*
M/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@8V]LF4],T0Q/CQB/EEE87(@16YD960@2G5N928C>$$P
M.S,P+#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
M;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!C;VQS<&%N/3-$-#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0T/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@8V]L6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P
M.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N
M/3-$6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
M,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/E4N4RX@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO
M8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/CQB/C(P.3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/C,U
M-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N
M;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M
M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/DEN=&5R;F%T:6]N86P\+V9O;G0^/"]P/@T*
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO
M8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2
M.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C
M9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!A;&EGCTS
M1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O
M/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1'1O<#X-"CQP('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-
M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,F5M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/D-U6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
MF4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N
M/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$
M,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\
M9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM
M3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/D1E9F5R&5S/"]F;VYT/CPO<#X-"CPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL
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M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4]
M,T0R/BDF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E
M/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR
M('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2
M.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q(&YO6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
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M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!S:7IE/3-$,R!N;W-H861E
M/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR
M('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2
M.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S(&YO&5S/"]T9#X-
M"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\9&EV/@T*/'`@#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS
M1&IUF4],T0R/E4N4RX@86YD(&EN=&5R;F%T:6]N86P-"F-O;7!O;F5N=',@
M;V8@:6YC;VUE(&)E9F]R92!I;F-O;64@=&%X97,@=V5R92!A"<^#0HF(WA!,#L\
M+W`^#0H\=&%B;&4@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q('=I9'1H
M/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*
M/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@8V]LF4],T0Q/CQB/EEE87(@16YD960@2G5N928C>$$P
M.S,P+#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
M;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C
M>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
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M04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C$Y+#(P.3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/C$U+#0S.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@F4],T0Q('=I
M9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$
M)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O
M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/
M3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!A
M;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q(&YO6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.S(U+#`Q,SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/"]TF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2
M.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!S:7IE/3-$,R!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C
M9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!A;&EGCTS
M1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S(&YO'0^/&1I
M=CX-"CQP('-T>6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/
M33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS1&IUF4],T0R/E1H92!I=&5M6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/
M33H@,'!X.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$R<'@G/@T*)B-X03`[/"]P/@T*/&AR('-T
M>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@F4],T0Q/CQB/EEE87(@
M16YD960@2G5N928C>$$P.S,P+#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@2`M+3X-"CQT2!R871E/"]F;VYT/CPO
M<#X-"CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C,U+C`E/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A
M;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT
M('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M
M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/D5F9F5C="!O9CH\+V9O;G0^/"]P/@T*/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^
M#0H\='(@8F=C;VQO6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B@Q,BXQ*24\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I
M9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]T6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF
M;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
M04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-
M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,F5M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/D]T:&5R(')E8V]N8VEL:6YG(&ET96US+`T*;F5T
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M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/C(N,24\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I
M9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S
M:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE
M/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P
M,#`P)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E
M/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%
M149&/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1'1O<#X-"CQP('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$
M14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,V5M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/D5F9F5C=&EV92!R871E/"]F
M;VYT/CPO<#X-"CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I
M>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C$W+C4E/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT
M/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!A;&EGCTS1')I
M9VAT('-I>F4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!S:7IE/3-$,R!N;W-H
M861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/"]T86)L93X-"CPO9&EV/CQS<&%N/CPO"!!#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS1&IUF4],T0R/E1H
M92!C;VUP;VYE;G1S(&]F('1H90T*9&5F97)R960@:6YC;VUE('1A>"!A6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/
M33H@,'!X.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$R<'@G/@T*)B-X03`[/"]P/@T*/'1A8FQE
M('-T>6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU#3TQ,05!313H@8V]L;&%PF4],T0Q/CQB/BA);B!M:6QL:6]NF4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P
M,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F
M)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@F4],T0Q/CQB/DIU;F4F(WA!,#LS,"P\
M+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I
M>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\
M='(^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!C;VQS<&%N/3-$-#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&-O
M;'-P86X],T0T/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1'1O<#X-"CQP('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4
M.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/E-T;V-K+6)A6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-
M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/D]T:&5R(&5X<&5N6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P
M.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
MF4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/DEM<&%IF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C0R-#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/C(X.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4]
M,T0R/C@P/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A
M<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N
M;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
M,T0C0T-%149&/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1'1O<#X-"CQP('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%
M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,F5M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/D1E9F5RF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE/3-$)T-/
M3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2
M.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q(&YO6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@"!,:6%B:6QI=&EEF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\
M='(^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!C;VQS<&%N/3-$-#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&-O
M;'-P86X],T0T/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1'1O<#X-"CQP('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4
M.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/DEN=&5R;F%T:6]N86P@96%R;FEN
M9W,\+V9O;G0^/"]P/@T*/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
M;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.R8C
M>$$P.R@Q+#(V-CPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/BDF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO
M='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*/'`@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B@V-S0\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0R
M/B@R-C4\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E
M/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%
M149&/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1'1O<#X-"CQP('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$
M14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,F5M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/D1E9F5RF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B@R
M+#0S-3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O
M/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1'1O<#X-"CQP('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-
M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,V5M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/DYE="!D969E6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/C$L,#$Q/"]B/CPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^
M/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
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M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!S:7IE/3-$,R!N;W-H861E/3-$
M;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T
M>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C
M-3DU.34Y)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S(&YO6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
M;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
M6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4]
M,T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM
M3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/DQO;FF4]
M,T0R/CQB/BDF(WA!,#L\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H
M861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*
M/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C
M>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
M;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU
M.34Y)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S(&YOF5D(%1A>"!"96YE9FET'0^/&1I=CX-"CQP('-T>6QE
M/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#$R<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>"<@86QI
M9VX],T1J=7-T:69Y/@T*/&9O;G0@"<^#0HF
M(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H\=&%B;&4@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q
M('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*
M/'1R/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@8V]LF4],T0Q/CQB/EEE87(@16YD960@2G5N
M928C>$$P.S,P+#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.S8L-30R/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.S4L-#`S/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
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M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS
M1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/BDF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]T"!P;W-I=&EOG,@
M65AF4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C0P
M-3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
MF4],T0R/C,V-#PO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O
M;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM
M3$5&5#H@,F5M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/D1E8W)E87-EF4],T0R/B@Q-C8\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/B@Q,S(\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT
M/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/BDF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q(&YO
MF4],T0Q
M('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE
M/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D
M92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$
M)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/C8L
M.3,U/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&
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M/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H\:'(@F4],T0S('=I9'1H
M/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/
M3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!S:7IE/3-$,R!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2
M.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S(&YO3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\W
M8SEF,C4X8U\P8S4P7S0U93)?.3ED.5\U,V8R93EC9C`S-CD-"D-O;G1E;G0M
M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-V,Y9C(U.&-?,&,U,%\T-64R7SDY9#E?
M-3-F,F4Y8V8P,S8Y+U=O'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA3X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@#L@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,G!X
M)SX-"B8C>$$P.SPO<#X-"CQT86)L92!S='EL93TS1"="3U)$15(M0T],3$%0
M4T4Z(&-O;&QA<'-E)R!B;W)D97(],T0P(&-E;&QS<&%C:6YG/3-$,"!C96QL
M<&%D9&EN9STS1#`@=VED=&@],T0Q,#`E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/@T*/"$M
M+2!"96=I;B!486)L92!(96%D("TM/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$.#@E
M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,R4^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q
M('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*
M/'1R/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@8V]LF4],T0Q/CQB/C(P,3$\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/CQB/C(P,3`\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/"]T6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P
M.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.S$R+#$X,#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB
M/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S
M:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4]
M,T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q
M(&YO6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/C$T+#@S
M,#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N
M;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M#0H\:'(@F4],T0S('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O
M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!S:7IE/3-$,R!N
M;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/"]T86)L93X-"@T*#0H\+V1I=CX\'0^/&1I=CX-"CQP('-T>6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#$R<'@[($U!
M4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>"<@86QI9VX],T1J=7-T:69Y/@T*/&9O;G0@#L@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,G!X)SX-"B8C>$$P.SPO<#X-"CQT86)L92!S
M='EL93TS1"="3U)$15(M0T],3$%04T4Z(&-O;&QA<'-E)R!B;W)D97(],T0P
M(&-E;&QS<&%C:6YG/3-$,"!C96QL<&%D9&EN9STS1#`@=VED=&@],T0Q,#`E
M(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/@T*/"$M+2!"96=I;B!486)L92!(96%D("TM/@T*
M/'1R/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$.#@E/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,R4^/"]T9#X-"CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0S)3X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S
M:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@8V]L
MF4],T0Q/CQB/C(P,3$\+V(^/"]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/CQB/C(P,3`\+V(^/"]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]T6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M$$P.R9A;7`[(%=I;F1O=W,@3&EV90T*1&EV
M:7-I;VX\+V9O;G0^/"]P/@T*/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/C$L-S@R/"]B/CPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R
M87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/C$L-S`Q/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO
M8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/CQB/C8L-34R/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT
M/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/DUI
M8W)O6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q(&YO
MF4],T0Q
M('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*
M/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1'1O<#X-"CQP
M('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,F5M
M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/E1O=&%L/"]F;VYT/CPO<#X-"CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/"]TF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2
M.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!S:7IE/3-$,R!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C
M9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!A;&EGCTS
M1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S(&YO7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M
M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T<"UE<75I=CTS1$-O;G1E;G0M
M5'EP92!C;VYT96YT/3-$)W1E>'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\(2TM($5N9"!486)L92!(96%D("TM/CPA+2T@0F5G
M:6X@5&%B;&4@0F]D>2`M+3X-"CQTF4],T0Q(&YO6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.S,P+#PO8CX\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
M,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/E1A>"!C;VYT:6YG96YC:65S(&%N9"!O=&AEF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
M04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N
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M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/C,R,CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE
M9G0@6QE
M/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0Q(&YO
MF4],T0Q(&YO6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y
M)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S(&YO3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\W8SEF,C4X8U\P
M8S4P7S0U93)?.3ED.5\U,V8R93EC9C`S-CD-"D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ
M(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-V,Y9C(U.&-?,&,U,%\T-64R7SDY9#E?-3-F,F4Y8V8P
M,S8Y+U=O'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS1&IUF4]
M,T0R/D9U='5R92!M:6YI;75M(')E;G1A;`T*8V]M;6ET;65N=',@=6YD97(@
M;F]N8V%N8V5L;&%B;&4@9F%C:6QI=&EE6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@
M34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$R<'@G/@T*)B-X03`[
M/"]P/@T*/'1A8FQE('-T>6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU#3TQ,05!313H@8V]L;&%P
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO
M=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@8V]L6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.S,P+#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO
M='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!C;VQS<&%N/3-$-#X\+W1D/@T*
M/"]TF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/C0X,3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
MF4],T0R/C,Y-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@
M6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4]
M,T0R/C,Q.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4]
M,T0R/C(T.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/C$V,SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/C,T-#PO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^
M/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2
M.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C
M9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2
M.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S(&YO'0^/&1I=CX-
M"CQP('-T>6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#$R<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ
M(#!P>"<@86QI9VX],T1J=7-T:69Y/@T*/&9O;G0@6QE
M/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X.R!&3TY4
M+5-)6D4Z(#$R<'@G/@T*)B-X03`[/"]P/@T*/'1A8FQE('-T>6QE/3-$)T)/
M4D1%4BU#3TQ,05!313H@8V]L;&%PF4],T0Q/CQB/BA);B!M:6QL:6]NF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N
M/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$
M,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE
M9G0@F4],T0Q/CQB/EEE87(@16YD960@2G5N928C>$$P.S,P+#PO
M8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM
M3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/D)A;&%N8V4L(&)E9VEN;FEN9R!O9B!Y96%R/"]F;VYT/CPO
M<#X-"CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P
M.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/"]TF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/CQB/C4U/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N
M;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT
M('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R
M/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]T6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R
M/B@R/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS
M1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/BDF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*/'`@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B@R-#0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q(&YO
MF4],T0Q
M('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*
M/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1'1O<#X-"CQP
M('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M
M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/D)A;&%N8V4L(&5N9"!O9B!Y96%R/"]F;VYT/CPO<#X-"CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^
M/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C
M>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
M;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P
M.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!S:7IE/3-$,R!N;W-H
M861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*
M/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/
M3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S(&YO7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S
M970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@
M:'1T<"UE<75I=CTS1$-O;G1E;G0M5'EP92!C;VYT96YT/3-$)W1E>'0O:'1M
M;#L@8VAA#L@
M34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS1&IUF4],T0R/E-H87)E"<^#0HF(WA!,#L\+W`^
M#0H\=&%B;&4@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/"]TF4],T0Q
M(&YOF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM
M3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/D)A;&%N8V4L(&)E9VEN;FEN9R!O9B!Y96%R/"]F;VYT/CPO
M<#X-"CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C@L-C8X/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A
M;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT
M('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M
M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,F5M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/DESF4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M
M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,F5M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/E)E<'5R8VAAF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
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M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT
M/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
M04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E
M/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR
M('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2
M.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q(&YO6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@F4],T0R/C@L-C8X/"]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A
M<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C@L.3`X/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE
M/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!S:7IE/3-$,R!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D
M92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$
M)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y
M)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S(&YO#L@
M34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS1&IUF4],T0R/E=E(')E<'5R
M8VAA"<^#0HF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H\=&%B;&4@F4],T0Q/CQB/E-H87)EF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T
M>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/CQB/D%M;W5N=#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$
M,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS
M1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SQS=7`@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\
M9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$
M,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@$$P.SQS=7`@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS
M<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C
M;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.R`\6QE/3-$)U!/4TE424]..B!R96QA=&EV93L@0D]45$]-.B`P+CAE>#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)AF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB
M/C$V,SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C4L
M,#`P/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF
M;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4]
M,T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C,L-3@S/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/CDU/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
MF4],T0R
M/C(L,C,T/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A
M<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C,P/"]B
M/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N
M;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB
M/C@R-SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@F4],T0R/C8W
M/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO
M=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C(L,#`P/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT
M/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO
M8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P
M.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF
M;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O
M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-
M"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE
M/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS
M1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I
M>F4],T0Q(&YOF4]
M,T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH
M6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE
M9G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\
M+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$
MF4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C
M>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
M;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N
M8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.S$P+#@S-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P
M.R8C>$$P.S@L,C`P/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]T
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C
M-3DU.34Y)R!S:7IE/3-$,R!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F
M9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$
M;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I
M>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU
M.34Y)R!S:7IE/3-$,R!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F
M)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!A;&EGCTS
M1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S
M:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/"$M+2!%;F0@5&%B;&4@0F]D>2`M+3X\
M+W1A8FQE/@T*/'`@$$P.SPO<#X-"CQT
M86)L92!S='EL93TS1"="3U)$15(M0T],3$%04T4Z(&-O;&QA<'-E)R!B;W)D
M97(],T0P(&-E;&QS<&%C:6YG/3-$,"!C96QL<&%D9&EN9STS1#`@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q,#`E/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1'1O<"!W:61T:#TS1#0E(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/BAA*3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1'1O<"!A
M;&EGCTS1&QE9G0^#0H\<"!A;&EGCTS1&IU65A2!O
M=7(@0F]AF4],T0R/BAB*3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1'1O
M<"!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0^#0H\<"!A;&EGCTS1&IU$$P.VUI;&QIVX@2!O=7(@0F]A'0^/&1I=CX-"CQP('-T>6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#$R<'@[($U!4D=)
M3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>"<@86QI9VX],T1J=7-T:69Y/@T*/&9O;G0@65A
M"<^#0HF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H\=&%B;&4@F4],T0Q/CQB/D1E8VQAF4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C
M;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/@T*/'`@F4],T0Q
M/CQB/D1I=FED96YD/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\<"!S='EL93TS1"=-05)'
M24XM5$]0.B`P<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#%P>"<@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=#X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/CQB/E)E8V]R9"!$871E/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@$$P.T%M;W5N
M=#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT
M/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/"]TF4]
M,T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
M;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT
M('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N
M="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.S$X+"8C>$$P.S(P
M,3`\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A
M<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.S$L,S8S/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/D1E8V5M8F5R)B-X
M03`[.2PF(WA!,#LR,#$P/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M
M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/CQB/D1E8V5M8F5R(#$U+"`R,#$P/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@2`Q-RP@,C`Q,3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C
M>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CPO='(^#0H\='(@8F=C;VQO6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N
M8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L
M:6=N/3-$F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB
M/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
M04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/DUA>2`Q.2P@,C`Q,3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C
M>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%
M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/DIU;F4@,34L
M(#(P,3$\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO<#X-"CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/D%U9W5S
M="`Q."P@,C`Q,3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@2`M+3X\+W1A8FQE/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE
M/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#$R
M<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>#L@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q<'@G/@T*)B-X
M03`[/"]P/@T*/'`@3X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@3X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z
M(#!P>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$R<'@G/@T*
M)B-X03`[/"]P/@T*/'1A8FQE('-T>6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU#3TQ,05!313H@
M8V]L;&%P6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@
M34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/@T*/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/CQB/E!E$$P.U-H87)E/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$
M,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/CQB/E!A>6UE;G0F
M(WA!,#M$871E/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\
M(2TM($5N9"!486)L92!(96%D("TM/CPA+2T@0F5G:6X@5&%B;&4@0F]D>2`M
M+3X-"CQT6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E
M/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR
M('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/CQB/BA);B!M:6QL:6]NF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]T6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M
M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/E-E<'1E;6)EF4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.R8C
M>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/DYO=F5M8F5R)B-X03`[,3DL)B-X03`[,C`P.3PO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R
M87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/"]TF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/C`N,3,\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS
M1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
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M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/DUAF4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/C`N,3,\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
MF4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4]
M,T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N
M8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/C`N,3,\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.S(P,3`\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@2`M+3X\+W1A8FQE/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P
M,#`P)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@'10
M87)T7S=C.68R-3AC7S!C-3!?-#5E,E\Y.60Y7S4S9C)E.6-F,#,V.0T*0V]N
M=&5N="U,;V-A=&EOCH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\W8SEF,C4X8U\P8S4P7S0U93)?
M.3ED.5\U,V8R93EC9C`S-CDO5V]R:W-H965T'0O:F%V87-C3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA"!%9F9E8W1S/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@
M("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\9&EV/@T*/'`@#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS1&IUF4]
M,T0R/E1H92!A8W1I=FET>2!I;B!O=&AE<@T*8V]M<')E:&5N"!E9F9E8W1S('=E6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P
M>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$R<'@G/@T*)B-X
M03`[/"]P/@T*/'1A8FQE('-T>6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU#3TQ,05!313H@8V]L
M;&%P6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\(2TM($5N9"!486)L92!(96%D("TM/CPA+2T@0F5G
M:6X@5&%B;&4@0F]D>2`M+3X-"CQT6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S
M:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/CQB/C(P,3$\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/CQB/C(P,3`\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/CQB/C(P,#D\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!C;VQS<&%N/3-$-#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0T/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@8V]L6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@`T*969F96-T6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%
M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/E)E8VQA6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4]
M,T0R/B@S,C(\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/B@U-S0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4]
M,T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$
M;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T
M>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P
M.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D
M92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH
M6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE
M9G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C
M;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/E5N6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.S$L,S0Y/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/C0X.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M
M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/E)E8VQAF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P
M.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/CQB/B@R.34\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/BDF(WA!,#L\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF
M;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E
M/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR
M('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2
M.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q(&YO6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P
M.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF
M;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H
M861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF
M;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P
M,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F
M)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT
M('-I>F4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB
M/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
M04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C,X,3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B@R,#8\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/B@R-#`\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E
M/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR
M('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
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M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R
M/BDF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H\:'(@F4],T0S('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!S:7IE/3-$,R!N;W-H861E/3-$
M;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T
M>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C
M-3DU.34Y)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S(&YO3X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@"<^#0HF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H\=&%B;&4@F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C
M;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C
M;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C
M;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4
M.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/DYE="!U;G)E86QI>F5D(&=A:6YS
M("AL;W-S97,I(&]N#0ID97)I=F%T:79E6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4]
M,T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M
M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/DYE="!U;G)E86QI>F5D(&=A:6YS(&]N#0II;G9E6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/C6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%
M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/E1R86YS;&%T:6]N
M(&%D:G5S=&UEG1S(&%N9`T*;W1H97(\+V9O;G0^/"]P/@T*/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF
M;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E
M/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR
M('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2
M.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q(&YO6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.S$L.#8S/"]B/CPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^
M/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
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M/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0S(&YO
MF4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S('=I
M9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$
M)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!S:7IE/3-$,R!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O
M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/"]T
M86)L93X-"@T*#0H\+V1I=CX\'0O:F%V87-C3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA"!"96YE9FET'0^/&1I
M=CX-"CQP('-T>6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/
M33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS1&IUF4],T0R/E-T;V-K+6)A"<^#0HF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H\=&%B;&4@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$
M14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/E-T;V-K+6)A6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.S$L-S`X/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/"]T6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/C8V,CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q(&YO'0^/&1I=CX-"CQP('-T>6QE
M/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#$R<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>"<@86QI
M9VX],T1J=7-T:69Y/@T*/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$
M)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X.R!&3TY4+5-)
M6D4Z(#$R<'@G/@T*)B-X03`[/"]P/@T*/'1A8FQE('-T>6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%
M4BU#3TQ,05!313H@8V]L;&%P6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE
M/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS
M1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/CQB/C(P,3$\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/CQB/C(P,3`\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/CQB/C(P,#D\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.S`N,3,F(WA!
M,#LF(W@R,#$S.R8C>$$P.R9N8G-P.R0F(WA!,#LF(WA!,#LP+C$V/"]B/CPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R
M87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W$$P.R9N8G-P.R0F(WA!,#LF(WA!,#LP
M+C$S/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS
M1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]T6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/C$N,24F(WA!,#LM(#(N-"4\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P
M.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/C(N,24F(WA!,#LM)B-X03`[,BXY)3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/C$N-"4F(WA!,#LM
M(#,N-B4\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M2`M+3X\+W1A8FQE/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/
M3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@"<@86QI9VX],T1J
M=7-T:69Y/@T*/&9O;G0@#L@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,G!X)SX-"B8C>$$P.SPO<#X-
M"CQT86)L92!S='EL93TS1"="3U)$15(M0T],3$%04T4Z(&-O;&QA<'-E)R!B
M;W)D97(],T0P(&-E;&QS<&%C:6YG/3-$,"!C96QL<&%D9&EN9STS1#`@=VED
M=&@],T0Q,#`E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/@T*/"$M+2!"96=I;B!486)L92!(
M96%D("TM/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$.#F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT
M('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@"<@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
M,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/@T*/&9O;G0@"<@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/CQB/D9A:7(-"E9A;'5E/"]B/CPO
M9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\(2TM($5N9"!4
M86)L92!(96%D("TM/CPA+2T@0F5G:6X@5&%B;&4@0F]D>2`M+3X-"CQTF4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C
M;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!C;VQS<&%N/3-$-#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0T/CPO
M=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0Q/CQB/E-T;V-K
M($%W87)DF4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!C;VQS<&%N/3-$-#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0T/CPO
M=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1'1O<#X-"CQP('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'
M24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
M04PG('-I>F4],T0R/DYO;G9E6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C$Q-#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB
M/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(@8F=C
M;VQO6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B@V,SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
M;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/C(U+C`P/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@
M6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-
M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,F5M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/D9OF4],T0R/CQB/BDF(WA!,#L\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^
M/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q
M(&YOF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO
M='(^#0H\='(@8F=C;VQO6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@65AF4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P
M.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/C(S+C4Y/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0S
M(&YOF4],T0S(&YO
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^
M#0H\='(^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!C;VQS<&%N/3-$-#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M(&-O;'-P86X],T0T/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0Q/CQB/E-H87)E9"!097)F;W)M86YC92!3=&]C:R!!=V%R9',\+V(^
M/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C,P/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/CQB/C$X/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N
M;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^
M/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*/'`@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B@S/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P
M.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X],T0T/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2
M.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C
M9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4
M.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/DYO;G9E6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4]
M,T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/C(S+C6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S(&YOF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\(2TM($5N9"!486)L92!";V1Y("TM/CPO
M=&%B;&4^#0H\<"!S='EL93TS1"=-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q,G!X.R!-05)'24XM
M0D]45$]-.B`P<'@G(&%L:6=N/3-$:G5S=&EF>3X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P
M.S,P+"`R,#$Q+`T*=&AE65A3X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X.R!&
M3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$R<'@G/@T*)B-X03`[/"]P/@T*/'1A8FQE('-T>6QE/3-$
M)T)/4D1%4BU#3TQ,05!313H@8V]L;&%PF4],T0Q/CQB/BA);B!M:6QL:6]NF4],T0Q(&YO6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]T6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM
M3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/E=E:6=H=&5D(&%V97)A9V4@9W)A;G0M9&%T92!F86ER#0IV
M86QU93PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]T6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
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M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@3PO=&0^#0H@("`@
M("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/&1I=CX-"CQP('-T>6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)
M3BU43U`Z(#$R<'@[($U!4D=)3BU"3U143TTZ(#!P>"<@86QI9VX],T1J=7-T
M:69Y/@T*/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@
M34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$R<'@G/@T*)B-X03`[
M/"]P/@T*/'1A8FQE('-T>6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU#3TQ,05!313H@8V]L;&%P
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\(2TM($5N9"!486)L92!(96%D("TM/CPA+2T@0F5G:6X@
M5&%B;&4@0F]D>2`M+3X-"CQT6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE
M/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS
M1&QE9G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q
M/CQB/C(P,3$\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q
M/CQB/C(P,3`\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q
M/CQB/C(P,#D\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]T6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&
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M04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]T6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/C(X.3PO8CX\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/C0X-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@65E(%-T;V-K
M($]P=&EOG,@3W5T"<@86QI9VX],T1J=7-T:69Y/@T*/&9O;G0@2!D=7)I;F<@,C`Q,2!W87,@87,@9F]L
M;&]W"<^#0HF(WA!
M,#L\+W`^#0H\=&%B;&4@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]L6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%2
M1TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/@T*/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/CQB/D%V97)A9V4\
M+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO<#X-"CQP('-T>6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@
M34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,7!X)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/@T*/&9O;G0@&5R8VES
M928C>$$P.U!R:6-E/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@"<@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@
M34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/@T*/&9O;G0@"<@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X-"CQF;VYT('-T
M>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@"<@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X-"CQF;VYT
M('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU4
M3U`Z(#!P>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,7!X)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/@T*
M/&9O;G0@"<@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@"<@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X-"CQF;VYT('-T
M>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@"<@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X-"CQF;VYT
M('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]T6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M
M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/D)A;&%N8V4L($IU;'DF(WA!,#LQ+"`R,#$P/"]F;VYT/CPO<#X-"CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P
M.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/CQB/C$X-SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
MF4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P
M.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]T6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
M;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]T
MF4],T0R/CQB/BDF(WA!,#L\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q('=I9'1H
M/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
M;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M
M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/D)A;&%N8V4L($IU;F4F
M(WA!,#LS,"P-"C(P,3$\+V9O;G0^/"]P/@T*/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/C(S
M+C(Q/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&
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M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.S,Q,CPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C
M>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@2`M+3X\+W1A8FQE/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$
M)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@3X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@#L@1D].5"U3
M25I%.B`Q,G!X)SX-"B8C>$$P.SPO<#X-"CQT86)L92!S='EL93TS1"="3U)$
M15(M0T],3$%04T4Z(&-O;&QA<'-E)R!B;W)D97(],T0P(&-E;&QS<&%C:6YG
M/3-$,"!C96QL<&%D9&EN9STS1#`@=VED=&@],T0Q,#`E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N
M=&5R/@T*/"$M+2!"96=I;B!486)L92!(96%D("TM/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$-SDE/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M,R4^/"]T9#X-"CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#,E/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO
M=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0Q/CQB/BA);B!M
M:6QL:6]NF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N
M;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@8V]L6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/C,V-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M,T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-
M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/D-A6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL
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M,T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL
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M,T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q(&YO'0^/&1I=CX-"CQF;VYT('-I
M>F4],T0R('-T>6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P^16UP;&]Y965S('!U
M#L@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,G!X)SX-
M"B8C>$$P.SPO<#X-"CQT86)L92!S='EL93TS1"="3U)$15(M0T],3$%04T4Z
M(&-O;&QA<'-E)R!B;W)D97(],T0P(&-E;&QS<&%C:6YG/3-$,"!C96QL<&%D
M9&EN9STS1#`@=VED=&@],T0Q,#`E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/@T*/"$M+2!"
M96=I;B!486)L92!(96%D("TM/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-SDE/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,R4^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#,E/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*
M/'1R/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0Q/CQB/BA3:&%R97,@:6X@;6EL;&EO
M;G,I/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$
M14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/E-H87)E6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P
M.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.S(R+CDX/"]B
M/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N
M;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
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M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@'1087)T7S=C.68R-3AC7S!C-3!?-#5E,E\Y.60Y7S4S9C)E.6-F,#,V
M.0T*0V]N=&5N="U,;V-A=&EOCH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\W8SEF,C4X8U\P8S4P
M7S0U93)?.3ED.5\U,V8R93EC9C`S-CDO5V]R:W-H965T'0O:F%V87-C3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA"<@86QI9VX],T1J
M=7-T:69Y/@T*/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z
M(#!P>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$R<'@G/@T*
M)B-X03`[/"]P/@T*/'1A8FQE('-T>6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU#3TQ,05!313H@
M8V]L;&%P6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\(2TM($5N9"!486)L92!(96%D("TM/CPA+2T@
M0F5G:6X@5&%B;&4@0F]D>2`M+3X-"CQT6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P
M)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A
M;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/CQB/C(P,3$\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/CQB/C(P,3`\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/CQB/C(P,#D\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]T6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
M04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.S$X+#6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P
M.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P
M.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/CQB/C$W+#$P-SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4]
M,T0R/C$U+#,Y,#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N
M;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M
M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/D]N;&EN92!397)V:6-E
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/C(L,C`P/"]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P
M.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C(L,3$P/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/CQB/C(Q+#DX-CPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/C$Y
M+#,T-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M,T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4
M.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/D5N=&5R=&%I;FUE;G0@86YD($1E
M=FEC97,-"D1I=FES:6]N/"]F;VYT/CPO<#X-"CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C@L
M-S$V/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T
M>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/E5N
M86QL;V-A=&5D(&%N9"!O=&AEF4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q
M(&YOF4]
M,T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S
M:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE
M/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C
M>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C
M-3DU.34Y)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H
M861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF
M;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU
M.34Y)R!S:7IE/3-$,R!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F
M)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@#L@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,G!X)SX-"B8C>$$P.SPO<#X-
M"CQT86)L92!S='EL93TS1"="3U)$15(M0T],3$%04T4Z(&-O;&QA<'-E)R!B
M;W)D97(],T0P(&-E;&QS<&%C:6YG/3-$,"!C96QL<&%D9&EN9STS1#`@=VED
M=&@],T0Q,#`E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/@T*/"$M+2!"96=I;B!486)L92!(
M96%D("TM/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-SDE/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,R4^/"]T9#X-"CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#,E/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
M04PG('-I>F4],T0Q/CQB/BA);B!M:6QL:6]NF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N
M/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$
M,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\
M9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^
M#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@8V]LF4],T0Q/CQB/EEE87(@
M16YD960@2G5N928C>$$P.S,P+#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
M;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
M6QE
M/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/E=I;F1O
M=W,F(WA!,#LF86UP.R!7:6YD;W=S($QI=F4-"D1I=FES:6]N/"]F;VYT/CPO
M<#X-"CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$F4],T0R
M/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4]
M,T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/C4L,S(P
M/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO
M=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C0L-C(W/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]T6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B@R+#0Q,#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT
M('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4]
M,T0R/BDF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*/'`@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C
M>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I
M9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]T6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/C4W,SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-
M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/E)E8V]N8VEL:6YG(&%M;W5N=',\+V9O;G0^/"]P
M/@T*/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B@S+#(X,#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/BDF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M(&-O;'-P86X],T0T/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P
M)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A
M;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I
M>F4],T0Q(&YOF4]
M,T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\
M+W1R/@T*/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1'1O
M<#X-"CQP('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&
M5#H@,F5M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/D-O;G-O;&ED871E9#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/C(T
M+#`Y.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M,T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4]
M,T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-
M"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!S:7IE
M/3-$,R!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS
M1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0S
M(&YOF4],T0S(&YO
M#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/
M33H@,'!X)R!A;&EGCTS1&IUF4],T0R/E-I9VYI9FEC86YT(')E8V]N8VEL
M:6YG#0II=&5M6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P>#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X.R!&
M3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$R<'@G/@T*)B-X03`[/"]P/@T*/'1A8FQE('-T>6QE/3-$
M)T)/4D1%4BU#3TQ,05!313H@8V]L;&%P6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\(2TM($5N9"!4
M86)L92!(96%D("TM/CPA+2T@0F5G:6X@5&%B;&4@0F]D>2`M+3X-"CQT6QE
M/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D
M92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$
M)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/CQB/C(P,3$\
M+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I
M>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/CQB/C(P,3`\
M+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I
M>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/CQB/C(P,#D\
M+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I
M>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]T6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\
M+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$
MF4],T0R/CQB/BDF(WA!,#L\
M+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I
M>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.R@T+#(V,#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.R@T+#,Q.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)U1%
M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/E-T;V-K+6)AF4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
M04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C8S,CPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/C,V-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/D]T:&5R/"]F;VYT/CPO<#X-"CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P
M.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/CQB/B@Q-#$\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/BDF(WA!,#L\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF
M;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
M04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/BDF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
M,T0T/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N
M;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@
M6QE/3-$
M)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q('=I9'1H
M/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R(&)G
M8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1'1O<#X-"CQP('-T>6QE
M/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,F5M)SX\9F]N
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M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$F4],T0R/CQB
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M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B@S
M+#,R.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M,T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I
M>F4],T0S(&YOF4]
M,T0S(&YOF4],T0S('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!S:7IE/3-$,R!N;W-H861E/3-$
M;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T
M>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@#L@1D].5"U325I%
M.B`V<'@G/@T*)B-X03`[/"]P/@T*/'1A8FQE('-T>6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU#
M3TQ,05!313H@8V]L;&%P6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/CQI/D-O2!E>&-L=61E
M2!I
M;@T*=&AO3X-"CQF;VYT
M('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@0T*=&AE(&UA:F]R(&=E;V=R87!H:6,@87)E87,@
M:6X@=VAI8V@@;W5R(&-U#L@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,G!X)SX-"B8C
M>$$P.SPO<#X-"CQT86)L92!S='EL93TS1"="3U)$15(M0T],3$%04T4Z(&-O
M;&QA<'-E)R!B;W)D97(],T0P(&-E;&QS<&%C:6YG/3-$,"!C96QL<&%D9&EN
M9STS1#`@=VED=&@],T0Q,#`E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/@T*/"$M+2!"96=I
M;B!486)L92!(96%D("TM/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-SDE/CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,R4^/"]T9#X-"CQT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#,E/CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0Q/CQB/BA);B!M:6QL:6]NF4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C
M;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS
M<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D
M92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@8V]LF4],T0Q
M/CQB/EEE87(@16YD960@2G5N928C>$$P.S,P+#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)U!/4TE424]..B!R96QA=&EV93L@0D]45$]-.B`P+CAE
M>#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)A6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.S,X+#`P.#PO8CX\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.S,S+#`U,CPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R
M87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB
M/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
M04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C,Q+#DS-3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/C(V+#,Q,3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N
M;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C
M,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F
M9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!A;&EGCTS1')I
M9VAT('-I>F4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q(&YO6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P
M.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/C8R+#0X-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N
M;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C
M>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!S:7IE/3-$,R!N
M;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@
M6QE/3-$
M)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S('=I9'1H
M/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/"$M+2!%
M;F0@5&%B;&4@0F]D>2`M+3X\+W1A8FQE/@T*/'`@$$P.SPO<#X-"CQT86)L92!S='EL93TS1"="3U)$15(M0T],3$%0
M4T4Z(&-O;&QA<'-E)R!B;W)D97(],T0P(&-E;&QS<&%C:6YG/3-$,"!C96QL
M<&%D9&EN9STS1#`@=VED=&@],T0Q,#`E/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1'1O<"!W:61T:#TS1#0E(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/BAA*3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1'1O<"!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0^#0H\<"!A;&EGCTS1&IU
M"<@
M86QI9VX],T1J=7-T:69Y/@T*/&9O;G0@2!S:6=N:69I8V%N="!P#L@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,G!X)SX-"B8C>$$P.SPO<#X-"CQT86)L92!S
M='EL93TS1"="3U)$15(M0T],3$%04T4Z(&-O;&QA<'-E)R!B;W)D97(],T0P
M(&-E;&QS<&%C:6YG/3-$,"!C96QL<&%D9&EN9STS1#`@=VED=&@],T0Q,#`E
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M+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0Q/CQB/BA);B!M:6QL:6]NF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N
M="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CX\9F]N="!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q
M('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*
M/'1R/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@8V]LF4],T0Q/CQB/EEE87(@16YD960@2G5N
M928C>$$P.S,P+#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@7-T96T\+V9O;G0^/"]P/@T*/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4]
M,T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.S(P+#6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.S$W+#DY.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
MF4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C$T+#8U,SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R
M87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))
M04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]T6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/C4L-#4V
M/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO
M=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C4L-#F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C,L
M,SF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T
M>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/D%D
M=F5R=&ES:6YG/"]F;VYT/CPO<#X-"CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C(L.3$S/"]B
M/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N
M;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A
M;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM
M3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/D]T:&5R/"]F;VYT/CPO<#X-"CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C,L
M-S0Y/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T
M>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H
M861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*
M/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/
M3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q(&YO6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/C8R+#0X-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/
M3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!S:7IE/3-$,R!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2
M.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D
M92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/"]T86)L93X-"CPO9&EV/CQS<&%N/CPO3X-"CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@2P@=V5R92!A"<^#0HF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H\=&%B;&4@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q/CQB/C(P,3$\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M8V]LF4],T0Q/CQB/C(P,3`\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M8V]LF4],T0Q/CQB/C(P,#D\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$F4]
M,T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,65M
M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/D]T:&5R(&-O=6YT6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/C(L-#8V/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C(L-#,U/"]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A
M<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$
M;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I
M>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4]
M,T0R/CQB/C(Q+#0X-SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/C(Q+#F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H\:'(@F4],T0S('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C-3DU.34Y)R!S:7IE/3-$,R!N;W-H861E/3-$
M;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T
M>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C
M-3DU.34Y)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0S(&YOF4],T0S(&YO3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM
M/5].97AT4&%R=%\W8SEF,C4X8U\P8S4P7S0U93)?.3ED.5\U,V8R93EC9C`S
M-CD-"D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-V,Y9C(U.&-?,&,U
M,%\T-64R7SDY9#E?-3-F,F4Y8V8P,S8Y+U=O'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA7!E(&-O;G1E;G0],T0G=&5X="]H=&UL.R!C:&%R6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@&-E<'0@<&5R('-H87)E(&%M;W5N=',I/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]L
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]T
MF4],T0Q(&YO
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
MF4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS
M<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.S,P
M/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]L
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]LF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/"]T6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$F4]
M,T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P
M.R8C>$$P.S$V+#0R.#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B9N8G-P.R0\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO
M='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*/'`@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C$S+#`U-CPO8CX\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R
M/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T
M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C$S+#8U
M.3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
MF4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CPO='(^#0H\='(@8F=C;VQO6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L
M:6=N/3-$6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)U!/4TE424]..B!R96QA=&EV93L@0D]45$]-.B`P+CAE>#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)AF4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)U!/4TE424]..B!R96QA=&EV93L@0D]45$]-
M.B`P+CAE>#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)AF4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^
M#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*/'`@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-
M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C`N-C,\+V(^
M/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO
M=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C`N
M-S`\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A
M<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG
M('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/CQB/B8C>$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/C`N-S<\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/CQB/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P
M.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
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M.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C
M9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!A;&EGCTS
M1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,"!N;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O
M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I>F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X-"CQH6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!S:7IE/3-$,2!N
M;W-H861E/3-$;F]S:&%D92`O/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/@T*/&AR('-T>6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F)R!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0@
M6QE/3-$
M)T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P)R!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT('-I>F4],T0Q(&YOF4],T0Q(&YO6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
M;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
MF4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!C;VQS
M<&%N/3-$-#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0T/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@8V]L
M6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4
M.B`M,65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,65M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/E)E=F5N=64\+V9O;G0^/"]P/@T*
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X@/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)U!/
M4TE424]..B!R96QA=&EV93L@0D]45$]-.B`P+CAE>#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)A6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X@/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)U!/4TE424]..B!R
M96QA=&EV93L@0D]45$]-.B`P+CAE>#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)A6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C
M>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R
M/C8R+#0X-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A
M;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C$U+#,Y
M-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N
M;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS
M1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C4P+#`X.3PO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^
M/&9O;G0@6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/C,L-3F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C8L
M-C8R/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS
M1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I
M>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C0L,#`V/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C0L-3$X/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C$X+#6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@F4]
M,T0Q/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A
M;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!
M3"<@6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R
M/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N="!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C`N-#8\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT
M/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/"]TF4],T0R/C`N-#`\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q
M/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I
M9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.R8C
M>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@F4],T0R/C`N-3$\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@;F]W6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!!4DE!3"<@F4],T0Q/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/B8C>$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EGCTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T
M>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@$$P.SPO<#X-"CQT86)L92!S
M='EL93TS1"="3U)$15(M0T],3$%04T4Z(&-O;&QA<'-E)R!B;W)D97(],T0P
M(&-E;&QS<&%C:6YG/3-$,"!C96QL<&%D9&EN9STS1#`@=VED=&@],T0Q,#`E
M/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1'1O<"!W:61T:#TS1#0E(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4]
M,T0R/BAA*3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1'1O<"!A;&EGCTS
M1&QE9G0^#0H\<"!A;&EGCTS1&IU6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!4DE!3"<@"!R871E(&]F(#65A
M"!O9B!F;W)E
M:6=N(&%N9"!5+E,N#0IT87AA8FQE(&EN8V]M92X@26X@861D:71I;VXL('5P
M;VX@8V]M<&QE=&EOB!O9B!O=7(@86YN=6%L(&1O;65S=&EC#0IA;F0@9F]R
M96EG;B!T87@@"!B96YE9FET#0IW:&EC:"!L
M;W=E6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!!
M4DE!3"<@2`H=&AE#0HF(W@R
M,#%#.U=I;F1O=W,@-R!$969E#(P,40[*2X\+VD^/"]F;VYT/CPO
M<#X-"CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/"]T86)L93X-"CQT86)L92!S='EL93TS1"="
M3U)$15(M0T],3$%04T4Z(&-O;&QA<'-E)R!B;W)D97(],T0P(&-E;&QS<&%C
M:6YG/3-$,"!C96QL<&%D9&EN9STS1#`@=VED=&@],T0Q,#`E/@T*/'1R/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1'1O<"!W:61T:#TS1#0E(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@05))04PG('-I>F4],T0R/BAD*3PO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EGCTS1'1O<"!A;&EGCTS1&QE9G0^#0H\
M<"!A;&EGCTS1&IU7!E.B!T97AT+VAT
M;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@
M("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T<"UE<75I=CTS1$-O;G1E;G0M5'EP92!C;VYT96YT/3-$
M)W1E>'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA3QB'!E;G-E'0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^
M#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^
M#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^
M#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R
M(&-L87-S/3-$'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT
M9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT
M9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R
M/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$&EM=6T\+W1D/@T*("`@("`@("`\=&0@
M8VQA'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$&EM
M=6T\+W1D/@T*("`@("`@("`\=&0@8VQA'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@
M/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$'1U'0^.3`@9&%Y7,\65A
M'0^-"!Y96%R'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@
M("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@
M("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@
M("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$65A
M'0^,R!Y96%R'0^-2!Y96%R65A3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\W8SEF
M,C4X8U\P8S4P7S0U93)?.3ED.5\U,V8R93EC9C`S-CD-"D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C
M871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-V,Y9C(U.&-?,&,U,%\T-64R7SDY9#E?-3-F
M,F4Y8V8P,S8Y+U=O'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*
M+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\W8SEF,C4X8U\P8S4P7S0U93)?.3ED.5\U,V8R
M93EC9C`S-CD-"D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-V,Y9C(U
M.&-?,&,U,%\T-64R7SDY9#E?-3-F,F4Y8V8P,S8Y+U=O'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA7!E(&-O;G1E;G0],T0G=&5X="]H=&UL.R!C
M:&%R'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@
M("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@
M("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@
M("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@
M("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@
M("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@
M("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@
M("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@
M("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@
M("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@
M("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO
M=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT
M9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT
M9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT
M9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT
M9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT
M9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT
M9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S
M'0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@
M("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@
M("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@
M("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@
M("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@
M("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@
M("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@
M("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@
M("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@
M("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$"!R
M871E(&]F(#65A"!R971U"!P65A2`F;F)S
M<#LD-#8Q(&UI&QIVXN/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@(#PO='(^#0H@("`@/"]T86)L
M93X-"B`@/"]B;V1Y/@T*/"]H=&UL/@T*#0HM+2TM+2T]7TYE>'1087)T7S=C
M.68R-3AC7S!C-3!?-#5E,E\Y.60Y7S4S9C)E.6-F,#,V.0T*0V]N=&5N="U,
M;V-A=&EOCH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\W8SEF,C4X8U\P8S4P7S0U93)?.3ED.5\U
M,V8R93EC9C`S-CDO5V]R:W-H965T'0O:F%V87-C3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA&-L=61E9"!F3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM
M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\W8SEF,C4X8U\P8S4P7S0U93)?.3ED.5\U,V8R93EC
M9C`S-CD-"D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-V,Y9C(U.&-?
M,&,U,%\T-64R7SDY9#E?-3-F,F4Y8V8P,S8Y+U=O'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA7!E(&-O;G1E;G0],T0G=&5X="]H=&UL.R!C:&%R
M7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*
M#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T<"UE<75I=CTS1$-O
M;G1E;G0M5'EP92!C;VYT96YT/3-$)W1E>'0O:'1M;#L@8VAAF5D(&=A:6YS("AL;W-S97,I(&]N(&EN=F5S
M=&UEG1S/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M<#XT,SD\7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S
M+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T<"UE
M<75I=CTS1$-O;G1E;G0M5'EP92!C;VYT96YT/3-$)W1E>'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA
M3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM
M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\W8SEF,C4X8U\P8S4P7S0U93)?.3ED.5\U,V8R93EC
M9C`S-CD-"D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-V,Y9C(U.&-?
M,&,U,%\T-64R7SDY9#E?-3-F,F4Y8V8P,S8Y+U=O'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA7!E(&-O;G1E;G0],T0G=&5X="]H=&UL.R!C:&%R
M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N
M/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N
M/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$2!A;F0@;W1H97(@:6YV97-T;65N
M=',\+W1D/@T*("`@("`@("`\=&0@8VQA'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L
M87-S/3-$'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@
M("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@
M("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$F5D($QO2!A;F0@;W1H97(@:6YV97-T;65N=',\+W1D/@T*("`@("`@("`\=&0@8VQA
M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C
M;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*
M("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@
M("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@
M("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L
M87-S/3-$'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C
M;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*
M("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$F5D($=A:6YS/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@
M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M<#XP/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@
M(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^
M#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^
M#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N
M/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N
M/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$2!A;F0@;W1H97(@:6YV97-T;65N=',\+W1D/@T*("`@
M("`@("`\=&0@8VQA'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@
M("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@
M("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$2!S96-U'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S
M/3-$F5D($QO'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C
M;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C
M;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C
M;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*
M("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^
M#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^
M#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^
M#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^
M#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT
M9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R
M/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R
M(&-L87-S/3-$'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^
M#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^
M#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$F5D($QO'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@
M/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$2!A;F0@;W1H97(@:6YV97-T;65N=',\+W1D/@T*("`@("`@
M("`\=&0@8VQA'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@
M("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@
M("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO
M=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO
M=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO
M=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO
M=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L
M87-S/3-$'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@
M("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@
M("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@
M("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@
M("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@
M("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@
M("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$2!A;F0@;W1H97(@:6YV97-T
M;65N=',\+W1D/@T*("`@("`@("`\=&0@8VQA'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R
M(&-L87-S/3-$'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S
M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S
M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S
M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@
M("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@
M("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@
M("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@
M("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@
M("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$F5D($QO'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S
M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@
M("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$2!A;F0@;W1H97(@:6YV97-T;65N=',\+W1D/@T*("`@("`@("`\=&0@8VQA
M'0O
M:F%V87-C3X-"B`@("`\
M=&%B;&4@8VQAF5D($QO'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S
M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@
M("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$F5D
M($QO2!S96-U
M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R
M/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L
M87-S/3-$F5D($QOF5D($QO
M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R
M(&-L87-S/3-$F5D($QOF5D($QOF5D($QOF5D($QO7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[
M(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@
M/$U%5$$@:'1T<"UE<75I=CTS1$-O;G1E;G0M5'EP92!C;VYT96YT/3-$)W1E
M>'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@
M/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\W8SEF,C4X8U\P8S4P
M7S0U93)?.3ED.5\U,V8R93EC9C`S-CD-"D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I
M;&4Z+R\O0SHO-V,Y9C(U.&-?,&,U,%\T-64R7SDY9#E?-3-F,F4Y8V8P,S8Y
M+U=O'0O
M:'1M;#L@8VAA'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@
M/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$65A65A65A65A65A65A65A'0O:F%V87-C3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA2!#;VYT'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S
M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^
M#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^
M#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$
M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N
M/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^0V5R=&%I;B!O9B!O=7(@8V]U;G1E&-E'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT
M9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT
M9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT
M9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT
M9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT
M9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT
M9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT
M9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R
M/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S
M8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T<"UE<75I
M=CTS1$-O;G1E;G0M5'EP92!C;VYT96YT/3-$)W1E>'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA7!E/3-$=&5X="]J879A'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R
M(&-L87-S/3-$'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT
M9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R
M/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@
M/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S
M/3-$'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S
M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@
M("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$&-H86YG92!#;VYT&-H86YG92!#;VYT'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S
M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@
M("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@
M("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@
M("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$2!#;VYT'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO
M=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO
M=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$2!#;VYT'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R
M(&-L87-S/3-$'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L
M87-S/3-$'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C
M;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*
M("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$2!#;VYT'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO
M=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO
M=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S
M/3-$2!#;VYT'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@
M(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\
M+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO
M=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO
M=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@
M(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\
M+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO
M=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO
M=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@
M/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@
M(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\
M+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT
M9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R
M/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$2!#;VYT2!#
M;VYT2!#;VYT2!#;VYT'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@
M(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\
M+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO
M=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO
M=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$2!#
M;VYT'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@
M/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@
M(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\
M+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$2!#;VYT'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L
M87-S/3-$'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S
M/3-$'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S
M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@
M("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@
M/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L
M87-S/3-$7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970]
M(G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T
M<"UE<75I=CTS1$-O;G1E;G0M5'EP92!C;VYT96YT/3-$)W1E>'0O:'1M;#L@
M8VAA'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@
M("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@
M("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@
M("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO
M=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO
M=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO
M=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$2!#;VYT7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[
M(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@
M/$U%5$$@:'1T<"UE<75I=CTS1$-O;G1E;G0M5'EP92!C;VYT96YT/3-$)W1E
M>'0O:'1M;#L@8VAAF5D
M(&EN(&]T:&5R(&EN8V]M92`H97AP96YS92D\+W1D/@T*("`@("`@("`\=&0@
M8VQA7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M
M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T<"UE<75I=CTS1$-O;G1E;G0M
M5'EP92!C;VYT96YT/3-$)W1E>'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA"!E9F9E8W0\+W1D/@T*
M("`@("`@("`\=&0@8VQA'0O:F%V87-C3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA2!#;VYT2!#;VYT3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-
M"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\W8SEF,C4X8U\P8S4P7S0U93)?.3ED.5\U
M,V8R93EC9C`S-CD-"D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-V,Y
M9C(U.&-?,&,U,%\T-64R7SDY9#E?-3-F,F4Y8V8P,S8Y+U=O'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT
M9"!C;&%S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@
M("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO
M=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^
M#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C
M;&%S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO
M=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^
M#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C
M;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^
M#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C
M;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N
M/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@
M(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N
M/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@
M(#QT9"!C;&%S2!S
M96-U'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N
M/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@
M(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO
M=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@
M("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^
M#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@
M("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT
M9"!C;&%S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C
M;&%S'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@
M("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S2!S96-U'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@
M(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N
M/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S
M'0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N
M/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@
M(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N
M/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S2!S96-U'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S
M'0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO
M=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT
M9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^
M#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C
M;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N
M/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@
M(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@
M("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^
M#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S2!S96-U'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^
M#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^
M#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N
M/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@
M(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^
M#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C
M;&%S'0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@
M("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO
M=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@
M("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S
M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO
M=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT
M9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^
M#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C
M;&%S7!E
M.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@
M/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T<"UE<75I=CTS1$-O;G1E;G0M5'EP92!C
M;VYT96YT/3-$)W1E>'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@
M(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\
M+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$3X-"CPO:'1M
M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\W8SEF,C4X8U\P8S4P7S0U93)?.3ED
M.5\U,V8R93EC9C`S-CD-"D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
M-V,Y9C(U.&-?,&,U,%\T-64R7SDY9#E?-3-F,F4Y8V8P,S8Y+U=O'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA
M'!E;G-E*3PO=&0^#0H@("`@
M("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$
MF5D(&%N9"!U;G)E86QI>F5D(&=A:6YS("AL;W-S97,I.CPO'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N
M/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N
M/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO
M=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$'!E;G-E*2!R96QA=&5D('1O(&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^
M#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^
M#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$F5D(&=A
M:6YS("AL;W-S97,I(&EN8VQU9&5D(&EN(&]T:&5R(&EN8V]M92`H97AP96YS
M92D@F5D
M(&%N9"!U;G)E86QI>F5D(&=A:6YS("AL;W-S97,I.CPO'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^
M#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^
M#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\
M+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$F5D(&=A:6YS("AL;W-S97,I(&EN8VQU9&5D(&EN(&]T:&5R(&EN
M8V]M92`H97AP96YS92D@3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM
M/5].97AT4&%R=%\W8SEF,C4X8U\P8S4P7S0U93)?.3ED.5\U,V8R93EC9C`S
M-CD-"D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-V,Y9C(U.&-?,&,U
M,%\T-64R7SDY9#E?-3-F,F4Y8V8P,S8Y+U=O'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA7!E(&-O;G1E;G0],T0G=&5X="]H=&UL.R!C:&%R'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C
M;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*
M("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$'0O:F%V87-C3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT
M9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R
M/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$'0O
M:F%V87-C3X-"B`@("`\
M=&%B;&4@8VQA2P@4&QAG0@86YD($5Q=6EP;65N="!;3&EN92!)
M=&5M7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-
M"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T<"UE<75I=CTS1$-O;G1E;G0M5'EP
M92!C;VYT96YT/3-$)W1E>'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA'!E;G-E/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M<#XF;F)S
M<#LD(#(\3X-"CPO:'1M
M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\W8SEF,C4X8U\P8S4P7S0U93)?.3ED
M.5\U,V8R93EC9C`S-CD-"D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
M-V,Y9C(U.&-?,&,U,%\T-64R7SDY9#E?-3-F,F4Y8V8P,S8Y+U=O'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA
M3QB'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@
M/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R
M(&-L87-S/3-$'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT
M9"!C;&%S7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[
M(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@
M/$U%5$$@:'1T<"UE<75I=CTS1$-O;G1E;G0M5'EP92!C;VYT96YT/3-$)W1E
M>'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N
M/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N
M/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT
M9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R
M/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L
M87-S/3-$'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^
M#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^
M#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM
M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\W8SEF,C4X8U\P8S4P7S0U93)?.3ED.5\U,V8R93EC
M9C`S-CD-"D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-V,Y9C(U.&-?
M,&,U,%\T-64R7SDY9#E?-3-F,F4Y8V8P,S8Y+U=O'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA7!E(&-O;G1E;G0],T0G=&5X="]H=&UL.R!C:&%R
M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N
M/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N
M/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$"!P=7)P;W-E'0^3F]N92!O9B!T:&4@86UO=6YT'0^3F]N92!O9B!T:&4@86UO=6YT7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S
M+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T<"UE
M<75I=CTS1$-O;G1E;G0M5'EP92!C;VYT96YT/3-$)W1E>'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA
MF%T:6]N/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@S+#$Q
M.2D\F%T:6]N/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$
M;G5M/B@Y-C8I/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S
M6EN9R!!
M;6]U;G0\+W1D/@T*("`@("`@("`\=&0@8VQA2UB87-E9#PO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@
M(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@
M(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%SF%T:6]N/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q+#@S,2D\
M6EN
M9R!!;6]U;G0\+W1D/@T*("`@("`@("`\=&0@8VQA3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM
M/5].97AT4&%R=%\W8SEF,C4X8U\P8S4P7S0U93)?.3ED.5\U,V8R93EC9C`S
M-CD-"D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-V,Y9C(U.&-?,&,U
M,%\T-64R7SDY9#E?-3-F,F4Y8V8P,S8Y+U=O'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA7!E(&-O;G1E;G0],T0G=&5X="]H=&UL.R!C:&%R6EN9R!!;6]U;G0\+W1D/@T*("`@
M("`@("`\=&0@8VQA'0O:F%V87-C3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@
M("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@
M("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$65A65A'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@
M("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@
M("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R
M(&-L87-S/3-$3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\W8SEF,C4X8U\P
M8S4P7S0U93)?.3ED.5\U,V8R93EC9C`S-CD-"D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ
M(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-V,Y9C(U.&-?,&,U,%\T-64R7SDY9#E?-3-F,F4Y8V8P
M,S8Y+U=O'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA'!E;G-E/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M
M<#XF;F)S<#LD(#4S-SQS<&%N/CPO7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-
M"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T<"UE<75I=CTS1$-O;G1E;G0M5'EP
M92!C;VYT96YT/3-$)W1E>'0O:'1M;#L@8VAAF%T:6]N($5X<&5N'!E
M8W1E9"!!;6]R=&EZ871IVX@17AP96YS92!;3&EN92!)=&5M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\
M+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$6EN9R!!;6]U;G0\+W1D
M/@T*("`@("`@("`\=&0@8VQA7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\
M:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T<"UE<75I=CTS1$-O;G1E
M;G0M5'EP92!C;VYT96YT/3-$)W1E>'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA2!#'0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$
M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R
M(&-L87-S/3-$'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C
M;&%S'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S
M/3-$'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C
M;&%S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S2!D871E/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\
M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@
M("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$'0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S
M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S
M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S
M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S
M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@
M("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$'0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$
M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT
M9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT
M9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT
M9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT
M9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R
M/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$'1087)T7S=C.68R-3AC7S!C-3!?-#5E,E\Y.60Y7S4S9C)E.6-F,#,V.0T*
M0V]N=&5N="U,;V-A=&EOCH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\W8SEF,C4X8U\P8S4P7S0U
M93)?.3ED.5\U,V8R93EC9C`S-CDO5V]R:W-H965T'0O:F%V87-C3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S
M+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T<"UE
M<75I=CTS1$-O;G1E;G0M5'EP92!C;VYT96YT/3-$)W1E>'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA
MF5D(&1I'0^4V5P(#(W+`T*"0DR,#$S/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@
M(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\
M+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R
M(&-L87-S/3-$'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^
M#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^
M#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N
M/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$'0^36%R8V@@
M,C<\'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^
M#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^
M#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@
M("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@
M("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$'0^
M2G5N(#$L#0H)"3(P,30\6UE;G0L($9I6UE;G0\
M+W1D/@T*("`@("`@("`\=&0@8VQA2!$871E/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X
M=#Y*=6YE(#$\6UE;G0L(%-E8V]N9"!087EM96YT
M/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@
M("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@
M("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$'0^3F]V96UB97(@,34\'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S
M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@
M("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO
M=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R
M/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$2!$871E/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L
M87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y397!T96UB97(@,C4\2`X=&@@,C`Q-CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@
M/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^
M#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$2`X=&@@,C`Q-B!\(%-E
M;6D@06YN=6%L(%!A>6UE;G0L($9I6UE;G0\+W1D/@T*("`@("`@
M("`\=&0@8VQA2`Q/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^
M#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^
M#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$'0^1F5B'0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$
M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@
M(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\
M+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$2!$871E/"]T
M9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y*=6YE(#$\'0^1&5C96UB
M97(@,3QS<&%N/CPO'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO
M=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO
M=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@
M/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$6UE;G0L($9I6UE;G0\+W1D/@T*("`@("`@("`\=&0@8VQA
M6UE;G0\+W1D/@T*("`@("`@("`\=&0@8VQA2!$871E/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@
M("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y/8W1O8F5R(#$\2`X=&@@,C`R,3PO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C
M;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C
M;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*
M("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N
M/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$2`X=&@@,C`R
M,2!\(%-E;6D@06YN=6%L(%!A>6UE;G0L($9I6UE;G0\+W1D/@T*
M("`@("`@("`\=&0@8VQA2`Q/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N
M/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N
M/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$'0^1F5B'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L
M87-S/3-$'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@
M("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@
M("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT
M9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R
M/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$2`Q-3QS<&%N/CPO2`Q-3QS<&%N/CPO'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT
M9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R
M/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$'0^3F]V96UB97(@,34\2!$871E/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y$96-E
M;6)E'0^1&5C96UB97(@,3QS<&%N/CPO'0^3V-T(#$L
M#0H)"3(P-#`\'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@
M("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C
M;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*
M("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\
M+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$'0^07!R:6P@,3QS<&%N/CPO'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@
M/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R
M(&-L87-S/3-$'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@
M("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@
M("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@
M(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\
M+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$'0^1F5B2`X=&@@
M,C`T,2!\(%-E;6D@06YN=6%L(%!A>6UE;G0L(%-E8V]N9"!087EM96YT/"]T
M9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@
M(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\
M+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$'0^075G=7-T(#$\2!$871E/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y!=6=U
M'0^2G5N(#$U+`T*"0DR,#$S/'-P86X^
M/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^2G5N(#$U
M+`T*"0DR,#$S/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@
M("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-
M"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T<"UE<75I=CTS1$-O;G1E;G0M5'EP
M92!C;VYT96YT/3-$)W1E>'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA&5S("A$971A:6PI("A54T0@)FYB'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT
M9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT
M9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R
M/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$&5S/"]S
M=')O;F<^/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\&5S/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M<#XR/'-P
M86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S&5S/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@
M("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M<#XF;F)S<#LD(#0L.3(Q/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N
M/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0O:F%V87-C3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@
M/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$&5S/"]T
M9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M<#XF;F)S<#LD(#(X+#`W,3QS
M<&%N/CPO'0O:F%V87-C
M3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@
M8VQA2!2871E(&%N9"!T:&4@4')O
M=FES:6]N(&9O'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^
M#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S3X-"CPO:'1M
M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\W8SEF,C4X8U\P8S4P7S0U93)?.3ED
M.5\U,V8R93EC9C`S-CD-"D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
M-V,Y9C(U.&-?,&,U,%\T-64R7SDY9#E?-3-F,F4Y8V8P,S8Y+U=O'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA
M'!E
M;G-E(&ET96US/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M<#XQ+#0Q
M,3QS<&%N/CPO"!L:6%B:6QI=&EE"!A
M7!E
M.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@
M/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T<"UE<75I=CTS1$-O;G1E;G0M5'EP92!C
M;VYT96YT/3-$)W1E>'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S
M/3-$&5S('!A:60\+W1D/@T*("`@("`@("`\=&0@8VQAF5D('1A>"!B96YE9FETF5D('1A>"!B96YE9FETF5D
M('1A>"!B96YE9FET"!Y96%R'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT
M9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT
M9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT
M9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT
M9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT
M9"!C;&%S'0^,C`P-"!T;R`R,#`V/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^
M#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$65A'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^,C`P-R!T;R`R,#$P/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R
M/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$"!E>'!E
M;G-E(&1U92!T;R!S971T;&5M96YT(&]F('!R:6]R('EE87(@875D:70\+W1D
M/@T*("`@("`@("`\=&0@8VQA'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@(#PO=&%B
M;&4^#0H@(#PO8F]D>3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\W
M8SEF,C4X8U\P8S4P7S0U93)?.3ED.5\U,V8R93EC9C`S-CD-"D-O;G1E;G0M
M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-V,Y9C(U.&-?,&,U,%\T-64R7SDY9#E?
M-3-F,F4Y8V8P,S8Y+U=O'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA"!#;VYT:6YG96YC>2!;3&EN
M92!)=&5M'0O:F%V87-C3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^
M#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^
M#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S
M/3-$3X-"CPO
M:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\W8SEF,C4X8U\P8S4P7S0U93)?
M.3ED.5\U,V8R93EC9C`S-CD-"D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O
M0SHO-V,Y9C(U.&-?,&,U,%\T-64R7SDY9#E?-3-F,F4Y8V8P,S8Y+U=O'0O:'1M;#L@
M8VAA'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT
M9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R
M/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^
M#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^
M#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO
M=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO
M=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^
M#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^
M#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L
M87-S/3-$7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*
M#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T<"UE<75I=CTS1$-O
M;G1E;G0M5'EP92!C;VYT96YT/3-$)W1E>'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R
M(&-L87-S/3-$3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R
M=%\W8SEF,C4X8U\P8S4P7S0U93)?.3ED.5\U,V8R93EC9C`S-CD-"D-O;G1E
M;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-V,Y9C(U.&-?,&,U,%\T-64R7SDY
M9#E?-3-F,F4Y8V8P,S8Y+U=O'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO
M=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO
M=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO
M=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO
M=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO
M=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'!E;G-E(&9O'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\
M+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$'0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$
M'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^869T
M97(@9FEV92!Y96%R'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R
M/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI
M(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T<"UE<75I=CTS
M1$-O;G1E;G0M5'EP92!C;VYT96YT/3-$)W1E>'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA7!E/3-$=&5X="]J879A'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^
M#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S
M970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@
M:'1T<"UE<75I=CTS1$-O;G1E;G0M5'EP92!C;VYT96YT/3-$)W1E>'0O:'1M
M;#L@8VAA2!C;&%I;7,\+W1D/@T*("`@("`@("`\=&0@8VQA65A7!E.B!T97AT
M+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^
M#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T<"UE<75I=CTS1$-O;G1E;G0M5'EP92!C;VYT96YT
M/3-$)W1E>'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA2!#;&%I;7,\
M8G(^06QC871E;"U,=6-E;G0\8G(^/"]T:#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1H(&-L87-S
M/3-$=&@^07!R+B`S,"P@,C`P.#QB2!#;&%I;7,\8G(^06QC871E;"U,=6-E;G0\8G(^/"]T:#X-
M"B`@("`@("`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S,2P@,C`P.#QB2!#;&%I;7,\8G(^06QC871E
M;"U,=6-E;G0\8G(^/"]T:#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^07!R
M+B`S,"P@,C`P.#QB2!#;&%I;7,\8G(^06QC871E;"U,=6-E;G0\8G(^5FED96\\8G(^3&5G86Q-
M871T97(\8G(^/"]T:#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^07!R+B`S
M,"P@,C`P.#QB2!#
M;&%I;7,\8G(^06QC871E;"U,=6-E;G0\8G(^57-E2!#;&%I;7,\8G(^06QC871E;"U,=6-E;G0\8G(^57-E2!#;&%I;7,\8G(^
M56YI;&]C/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT:"!C;&%S2!#
M;&%I;7,\8G(^36]T;W)O;&$L($1E9F5N9&%N=#QB'0^4VEN8V4@
M,C`P,2P@=V4@:&%V92!B965N('-U8FIE8W0@=&\@82!#;VYS96YT($1E8W)E
M92!A;F0@1FEN86P@2G5D9VUE;G0@*")&:6YA;"`@2G5D9VUE;G1S(BD@=&AA
M="!R97-O;'9E9"!L87=S=6ET7-T96T@(&)U'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^5V4@;V)T86EN960@9&ES6ES'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^
M#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^
M#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^
M#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^
M#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^
M#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^
M#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^
M#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^
M#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^
M#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^
M#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^
M#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^
M#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^
M#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^
M#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^
M#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^
M#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^
M#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^
M#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^
M#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^
M#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$&EM=6T@=F%L=64@;V8@=F]U8VAE
M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R
M(&-L87-S/3-$'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT
M9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT
M9"!C;&%S2P@96YD:6YG(&)A;&%N8V4\+W1D/@T*("`@("`@("`\
M=&0@8VQA'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^
M#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^
M#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^
M#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^
M#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^
M#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^
M#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^
M#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^
M#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^
M#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^
M#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^
M#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^
M#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^
M#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^
M#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^
M#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^
M#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^
M#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^
M#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^
M#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$6UE
M;G1S/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R
M(&-L87-S/3-$'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@
M(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@
M(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@
M(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@
M(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@
M(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@
M(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@
M(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@
M(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@
M(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@
M(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@
M(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@
M(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@
M(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@
M(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@
M(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\
M+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$'0^3VX@07!R:6P@,34L(#(P,3$L('1H92!"
M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N
M/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N
M/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N
M/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N
M/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N
M/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N
M/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N
M/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N
M/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N
M/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@
M("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@
M("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@
M("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@
M("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@
M("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@
M("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@
M("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@
M("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@
M("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@
M("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@
M("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@
M("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@
M("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^
M#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^
M#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^
M#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^
M#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^
M#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^
M#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^
M#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^
M#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO
M=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO
M=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO
M=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO
M=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO
M=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO
M=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO
M=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO
M=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO
M=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO
M=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO
M=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO
M=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO
M=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO
M=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO
M=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO
M=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO
M=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S&EM=6T@;&]S3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT
M4&%R=%\W8SEF,C4X8U\P8S4P7S0U93)?.3ED.5\U,V8R93EC9C`S-CD-"D-O
M;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-V,Y9C(U.&-?,&,U,%\T-64R
M7SDY9#E?-3-F,F4Y8V8P,S8Y+U=O'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA7!E(&-O;G1E;G0],T0G=&5X="]H=&UL.R!C:&%R'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT
M9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT
M9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT
M9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT
M9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT
M9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT
M9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT
M9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT
M9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT
M9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT
M9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT
M9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT
M9"!C;&%S65A'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*
M+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\W8SEF,C4X8U\P8S4P7S0U93)?.3ED.5\U,V8R
M93EC9C`S-CD-"D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-V,Y9C(U
M.&-?,&,U,%\T-64R7SDY9#E?-3-F,F4Y8V8P,S8Y+U=O'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA7!E(&-O;G1E;G0],T0G=&5X="]H=&UL.R!C
M:&%R'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S
M/3-$'!I'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA7!E(&-O;G1E;G0],T0G=&5X="]H=&UL.R!C:&%R65A65A'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA
M'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO
M=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT
M9"!C;&%S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO
M=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT
M9"!C;&%S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO
M=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT
M9"!C;&%S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO
M=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT
M9"!C;&%S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO
M=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT
M9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@
M("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@
M("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@
M("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@
M("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@
M("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S2!O=7(@0F]A'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO
M=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT
M9"!C;&%S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO
M=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT
M9"!C;&%S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO
M=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT
M9"!C;&%S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO
M=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT
M9"!C;&%S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO
M=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT
M9"!C;&%S65A65A'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA
M'0^1&5C(#DL#0H)"3(P,#D\'0^075G(#$X
M+`T*"0DR,#$Q/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S
M'0^36%Y(#$Y+`T*"0DR,#$Q/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@
M("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^1F5B(#$W+`T*"0DR,#$Q/'-P86X^
M/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^3F]V(#$X
M+`T*"0DR,#$P/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S
M'0^075G(#$Y+`T*"0DR,#$P/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@
M("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^36%Y(#(P+`T*"0DR,#$P/'-P86X^
M/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^1F5B(#$X
M+`T*"0DR,#$P/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S
M'0^3F]V(#$Y+`T*"0DR,#`Y/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@
M("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@
M("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@
M("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@
M("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$'0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$
M'0^2G5N(#DL#0H)"3(P,3$\'0^2G5N(#$P+`T*"0DR,#$P/'-P86X^/"]S
M<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^36%R(#$Q+`T*
M"0DR,#$P/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^1&5C(#$P+`T*"0DR,#`Y/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@
M("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@
M("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@
M("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@
M("`\+W1R/@T*("`@(#PO=&%B;&4^#0H@(#PO8F]D>3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*
M+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\W8SEF,C4X8U\P8S4P7S0U93)?.3ED.5\U,V8R
M93EC9C`S-CD-"D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-V,Y9C(U
M.&-?,&,U,%\T-64R7SDY9#E?-3-F,F4Y8V8P,S8Y+U=O7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970]
M(G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T
M<"UE<75I=CTS1$-O;G1E;G0M5'EP92!C;VYT96YT/3-$)W1E>'0O:'1M;#L@
M8VAA"!E9F9E
M8W1S(&]F("9N8G-P.R0H,34Y*2P@)FYB'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA7!E(&-O;G1E;G0],T0G=&5X="]H=&UL.R!C
M:&%R"!%9F9E8W1S("A087)E;G1H971I8V%L*2`H1&5T86EL*2`H55-$
M("9N8G-P.R0I/&)R/DEN($UI;&QIVYS/"]S=')O;F<^/"]T:#X-"B`@("`@
M("`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@@8V]L3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-
M"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\W8SEF,C4X8U\P8S4P7S0U93)?.3ED.5\U
M,V8R93EC9C`S-CD-"D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-V,Y
M9C(U.&-?,&,U,%\T-64R7SDY9#E?-3-F,F4Y8V8P,S8Y+U=O7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S
M970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@
M:'1T<"UE<75I=CTS1$-O;G1E;G0M5'EP92!C;VYT96YT/3-$)W1E>'0O:'1M
M;#L@8VAAF5D(&=A:6YS("AL;W-S97,I
M(&]N(&1E'0O:'1M
M;#L@8VAA'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N
M/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N
M/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S
M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S
M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@
M("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$&5C=71I=F4@3V9F:6-E'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO
M=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO
M=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO
M=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$6UE;G1S($1I
M&5C=71I=F4@3V9F:6-E'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO
M=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO
M=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO
M=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$6UE;G1S($1I
M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@
M("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@
M("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@
M("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$65A'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@
M/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$&5C=71I=F4@3V9F:6-E'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@
M("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@
M("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@
M("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$'0^4#0N-5D\'!I'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT
M9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R
M/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N
M/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N
M/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N
M/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$6UE;G1S
M($1I65E&EM=6T@<&5R8V5N=&%G
M92!O9B!G2!P=7)C:&%S92!S:&%R97,\+W1D/@T*("`@("`@("`\=&0@8VQA65A'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R
M(&-L87-S/3-$'!E
M8W1E9"!T;R!B92!R96-O9VYI>F5D(&]V97(@82!W96EG:'1E9"!A=F5R86=E
M('!E65A'0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$
M6UE;G1S($1I'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N
M/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N
M/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N
M/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L
M87-S/3-$6UE;G1S($1I'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N
M/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N
M/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$'!E8W1E9"!T;R!B92!R96-O
M9VYI>F5D(&]V97(@82!W96EG:'1E9"!A=F5R86=E('!E65A65E2!M87D@8V]N=')I8G5T92!T;R!T
M:&4@'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA7!E(&-O;G1E;G0],T0G=&5X="]H=&UL.R!C:&%R
M"!"96YE9FET65E(%-E'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT
M9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT
M9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R
M/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA7!E(&-O;G1E;G0],T0G=&5X="]H=&UL.R!C:&%R
M2!A;6]U;G1S*3PO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\
M+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$&EM=6T\+W1D/@T*("`@
M("`@("`\=&0@8VQA2!A;6]U;G1S*3PO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@
M(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO
M=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO
M=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO
M=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$2!3:&%R92!B87-E
M9"!087EM96YT($%W87)D+"!&86ER(%9A;'5E($%S'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R
M(&-L87-S/3-$'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N
M/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N
M/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@
M/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C
M;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*
M("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*
M("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$65A65A'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R
M(&-L87-S/3-$'0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$
M65A'1087)T
M7S=C.68R-3AC7S!C-3!?-#5E,E\Y.60Y7S4S9C)E.6-F,#,V.0T*0V]N=&5N
M="U,;V-A=&EOCH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\W8SEF,C4X8U\P8S4P7S0U93)?.3ED
M.5\U,V8R93EC9C`S-CDO5V]R:W-H965T'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@
M("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@
M("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@
M("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$2!3:&%R92UB87-E9"!087EM96YT
M($%W87)D(%M,:6YE($ET96US73PO'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT
M9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT
M9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R
M/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$3X-"CPO
M:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\W8SEF,C4X8U\P8S4P7S0U93)?
M.3ED.5\U,V8R93EC9C`S-CD-"D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O
M0SHO-V,Y9C(U.&-?,&,U,%\T-64R7SDY9#E?-3-F,F4Y8V8P,S8Y+U=O7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[
M(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@
M/$U%5$$@:'1T<"UE<75I=CTS1$-O;G1E;G0M5'EP92!C;VYT96YT/3-$)W1E
M>'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA65E(%-T;V-K($]P=&EOG,@3W5T'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@
M("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$65A&5R
M8VES960\+W1D/@T*("`@("`@("`\=&0@8VQA&5R8VES86)L92P@96YD(&]F('EE87(\+W1D/@T*("`@("`@
M("`\=&0@8VQA&5R
M8VES86)L92P@96YD(&]F('EE87(\+W1D/@T*("`@("`@("`\=&0@8VQA&5R8VES86)L92P@96YD(&]F('EE87(\+W1D/@T*("`@("`@("`\=&0@
M8VQA'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R
M(&-L87-S/3-$65A65A'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA2!3:&%R92!B87-E9"!087EM96YT($%W87)D
M+"!097)F;W)M86YC92!/<'1I;VYS(%M,:6YE($ET96US73PO'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO
M=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO
M=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO
M=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$&5R8VES960\+W1D/@T*("`@
M("`@("`\=&0@8VQA&5R8VES97,\+W1D/@T*("`@("`@("`\=&0@8VQA'0O:'1M;#L@
M8VAA&-E<'0@4&5R(%-H
M87)E(&1A=&$\+W-T3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*
M+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\W8SEF,C4X8U\P8S4P7S0U93)?.3ED.5\U,V8R
M93EC9C`S-CD-"D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-V,Y9C(U
M.&-?,&,U,%\T-64R7SDY9#E?-3-F,F4Y8V8P,S8Y+U=O7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970]
M(G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T
M<"UE<75I=CTS1$-O;G1E;G0M5'EP92!C;VYT96YT/3-$)W1E>'0O:'1M;#L@
M8VAA'0^
M3F\@'0O:F%V87-C3X-"B`@
M("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C
M;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C
M;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C
M;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C
M;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C
M;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C
M;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C
M;&%S'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^
M#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^
M#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^
M#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N
M/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N
M/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@
M("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@
M("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@
M("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@
M("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@
M("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@
M("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@
M("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S
M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@
M("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@
M("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@
M("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@
M("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@
M("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@
M("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@
M("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S
M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N
M/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@
M("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@
M("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N
M/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'1087)T
M7S=C.68R-3AC7S!C-3!?-#5E,E\Y.60Y7S4S9C)E.6-F,#,V.0T*0V]N=&5N
M="U,;V-A=&EOCH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\W8SEF,C4X8U\P8S4P7S0U93)?.3ED
M.5\U,V8R93EC9C`S-CDO5V]R:W-H965T'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N
M/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@
M(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S
M'0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@
M("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO
M=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT
M9"!C;&%S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@
M("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N
M/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@
M(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S
M'0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@
M("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'!E;G-E
M(&%N9"!R979E;G5E(')E8V]N8VEL:6YG(&%M;W5N=',@<')E'0O:F%V87-C3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO
M=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT
M9"!C;&%S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO
M=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO
M=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO
M=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO
M=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO
M=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO
M=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO
M=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO
M=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT
M9"!C;&%S'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA'1E'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S
M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S
M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S
M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S
M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S
M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S
M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S
M'0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@
M("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@
M("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@
M("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C
M;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C
M;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C
M;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C
M;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C
M;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C
M;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C
M;&%S'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^
M#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^
M#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^
M#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$'1E'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^
M#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@
M("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@
M/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$'1E'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@
M("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@
M("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@
M("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@
M("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@
M("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@
M("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@
M("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S
M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S
M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S
M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S
M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S
M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S
M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S
M'0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@
M("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@
M("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@
M("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$'0O:'1M
M;#L@8VAA&5S+"!#;&%S
M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@
M("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@
M("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@
M("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$'0O
M:F%V87-C3X-"B`@("`\
M=&%B;&4@8VQA'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N
M/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@
M(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@
M(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@
M(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@
M(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@
M(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N
M/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N
M/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N
M/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$"!R971U"!R871E+CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*
M("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$:6YN97)&;V]T;F]T93X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D
M('9A;&EGCTS1'1O<#Y;-%T\+W1D/@T*("`@("`@("`\=&0@8V]L3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\W8SEF,C4X8U\P
M8S4P7S0U93)?.3ED.5\U,V8R93EC9C`S-CD-"D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ
M(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-V,Y9C(U.&-?,&,U,%\T-64R7SDY9#E?-3-F,F4Y8V8P
M,S8Y+U=O7!E.B!T
M97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE
M860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T<"UE<75I=CTS1$-O;G1E;G0M5'EP92!C;VYT
M96YT/3-$)W1E>'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA2!);F9O'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S
M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S
M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S
M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S
M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S
M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S
M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@
M("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$"!Y96%R'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S
M/3-$'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO
M=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S<&%N/CPO
M=&0^#0H@("`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@("`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$&UL/@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\W8SEF,C4X8U\P8S4P7S0U93)?.3ED
2.5\U,V8R93EC9C`S-CDM+0T*
`
end




XML
18
R1.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


Document and Entity Information (USD $)

12 Months Ended





Jun. 30, 2011


Jul. 20, 2011


Dec. 31, 2010



Document Type
10-K
 
 


Amendment Flag
false
 
 


Document Period End Date
Jun. 30,
         2011




Document Fiscal Year Focus
2011
 
 


Document Fiscal Period Focus
FY
 
 


Trading Symbol
MSFT
 
 


Entity Registrant Name
MICROSOFT CORP
 
 


Entity Central Index Key
0000789019
 
 


Current Fiscal Year End Date
--06-30
 
 


Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer
Yes
 
 


Entity Current Reporting Status
Yes
 
 


Entity Voluntary Filers
No
 
 


Entity Filer Category
Large Accelerated Filer
 
 


Entity Common Stock, Par Value Per Share
$ 0.00000625
 
 


Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding
 
8,378,265,782
 


Latest Practicable Date

Jul. 20,
         2011



Entity Public Float
 
 
$ 208,370,414,170





X



- Definition
If the value is true, then the document as an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.
+ Details


 Name:
dei_AmendmentFlag


 Namespace Prefix:
dei


 Data Type:
xbrli:booleanItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.
+ Details


 Name:
dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate


 Namespace Prefix:
dei


 Data Type:
xbrli:gMonthDayItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
This is focus fiscal period of the document report. For a first quarter 2006 quarterly report, which may also provide financial information from prior periods, the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY, Q1, Q2, Q3, Q4, H1, H2, M9, T1, T2, T3, M8, CY.
+ Details


 Name:
dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus


 Namespace Prefix:
dei


 Data Type:
dei:fiscalPeriodItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
This is focus fiscal year of the document report in CCYY format. For a 2006 annual report, which may also provide financial information from prior periods, fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.
+ Details


 Name:
dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus


 Namespace Prefix:
dei


 Data Type:
xbrli:gYearItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data, it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report, use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.
+ Details


 Name:
dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate


 Namespace Prefix:
dei


 Data Type:
xbrli:dateItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, N-1A, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, minus any "/A" suffix. The acceptable values are as follows: S-1, S-3, S-4, S-11, F-1, F-3, F-4, F-9, F-10, 6-K, 8-K, 10, 10-K, 10-Q, 20-F, 40-F, N-1A, 485BPOS, 497, NCSR, N-CSR, N-CSRS, N-Q, 10-KT, 10-QT, 20-FT, and Other.
+ Details


 Name:
dei_DocumentType


 Namespace Prefix:
dei


 Data Type:
dei:submissionTypeItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation 12B -Number 240 -Section 12b -Subsection 1
+ Details


 Name:
dei_EntityCentralIndexKey


 Namespace Prefix:
dei


 Data Type:
dei:centralIndexKeyItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Indicate number of shares outstanding of each of registrant's classes of common stock, as of latest practicable date. Where multiple classes exist define each class by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member], Common Class B [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings, Instrument
+ Details


 Name:
dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding


 Namespace Prefix:
dei


 Data Type:
xbrli:sharesItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
Indicate "Yes" or "No" whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports), and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
+ Details


 Name:
dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus


 Namespace Prefix:
dei


 Data Type:
dei:yesNoItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: (1) Large Accelerated Filer, (2) Accelerated Filer, (3) Non-accelerated Filer, or (4) Smaller Reporting Company. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
+ Details


 Name:
dei_EntityFilerCategory


 Namespace Prefix:
dei


 Data Type:
dei:filerCategoryItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The par value per share of security quoted in same currency as Trading currency. Example: "0.01".
+ Details


 Name:
dei_EntityListingParValuePerShare


 Namespace Prefix:
dei


 Data Type:
num:perShareItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
State aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to price at which the common equity was last sold, or average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.
+ Details


 Name:
dei_EntityPublicFloat


 Namespace Prefix:
dei


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation 12B -Number 240 -Section 12b -Subsection 1
+ Details


 Name:
dei_EntityRegistrantName


 Namespace Prefix:
dei


 Data Type:
xbrli:normalizedStringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Indicate "Yes" or "No" if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.
+ Details


 Name:
dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers


 Namespace Prefix:
dei


 Data Type:
dei:yesNoItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Indicate "Yes" or "No" if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K, 10-Q, 8-K, 20-F, 6-K, 10-K/A, 10-Q/A, 20-F/A, 6-K/A, N-CSR, N-Q, N-1A.
+ Details


 Name:
dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer


 Namespace Prefix:
dei


 Data Type:
dei:yesNoItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.
+ Details


 Name:
dei_TradingSymbol


 Namespace Prefix:
dei


 Data Type:
xbrli:normalizedStringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The latest practicable date for which the number of shares outstanding of each class of common stock is provided.
+ Details


 Name:
msft_LatestPracticableDate


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
xbrli:dateItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
instant













XML
19
R10.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


INVESTMENTS

12 Months Ended



Jun. 30, 2011



INVESTMENTS


NOTE 4 —
INVESTMENTS
Investment
Components

The components of
investments, including associated derivatives, were as
follows:

 


































(In millions)
  
Cost Basis
 
 


Unrealized

Gains

 
 


Unrealized

Losses

 
 


Recorded

Basis

 
 


Cash

and
Cash

Equivalents

 
 


Short-term

Investments

 
 


Equity

and
Other

Investments

 



















June 30, 2011
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 













Cash

  
$
1,648
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
1,648
  
 
$
  1,648
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
0
  



Mutual funds

  
 
1,752
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
1,752
  
 
 
1,752
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
0
  



Commercial paper

  
 
639
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
639
  
 
 
414
  
 
 
225
  
 
 
0
  



Certificates of deposit

  
 
598
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
598
  
 
 
372
  
 
 
226
  
 
 
0
  



U.S. government and agency
securities

  
 
33,607
  
 
 
162
  
 
 
(7
) 
 
 
33,762
  
 
 
2,049
  
 
 
31,713
  
 
 
0
  



Foreign government bonds

  
 
658
  
 
 
11
  
 
 
(2
) 
 
 
667
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
667
  
 
 
0
  



Mortgage-backed securities

  
 
2,307
  
 
 
121
  
 
 
(4
) 
 
 
2,424
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
2,424
  
 
 
0
  



Corporate notes and bonds

  
 
10,575
  
 
 
260
  
 
 
(11
) 
 
 
10,824
  
 
 
3,375
  
 
 
7,449
  
 
 
0
  



Municipal securities

  
 
441
  
 
 
15
  
 
 
(2
) 
 
 
454
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
454
  
 
 
0
  



Common and preferred stock

  
 
7,925
  
 
 
2,483
  
 
 
(193
) 
 
 
10,215
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
10,215
  



Other investments

  
 
654
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
654
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
4
  
 
 
650
  






 






 






 






 






 






 









Total

  
$
  60,804
  
 
$
  3,052
  
 
$
  (219
) 
 
$
  63,637
  
 
$
9,610
  
 
$
  43,162
  
 
$
  10,865
  


 
  






 






 






 






 






 






 


















(In millions)
  
Cost Basis
 
 


Unrealized

Gains

 
 


Unrealized

Losses

 
 


Recorded

Basis

 
 


Cash

and Cash

Equivalents

 
 


Short-term

Investments

 
 


Equity

and Other

Investments

 


















June 30, 2010
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 













Cash

  
$
1,661
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
1,661
  
 
$
1,661
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
0
  



Mutual funds

  
 
1,120
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
1,120
  
 
 
1,120
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
0
  



Commercial paper

  
 
188
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
188
  
 
 
13
  
 
 
175
  
 
 
0
  



Certificates of deposit

  
 
348
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
348
  
 
 
68
  
 
 
280
  
 
 
0
  



U.S. government and
agency securities

  
 
21,036
  
 
 
167
  
 
 
(1
) 
 
 
21,202
  
 
 
1,822
  
 
 
19,380
  
 
 
0
  



Foreign government bonds

  
 
518
  
 
 
13
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
531
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
531
  
 
 
0
  



Mortgage-backed securities

  
 
3,137
  
 
 
135
  
 
 
(7
) 
 
 
3,265
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
3,265
  
 
 
0
  



Corporate notes and bonds

  
 
7,450
  
 
 
289
  
 
 
(18
) 
 
 
7,721
  
 
 
701
  
 
 
7,020
  
 
 
0
  



Municipal securities

  
 
726
  
 
 
22
  
 
 
(1
) 
 
 
747
  
 
 
120
  
 
 
627
  
 
 
0
  



Common and preferred stock

  
 
6,640
  
 
 
1,030
  
 
 
(418
) 
 
 
7,252
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
7,252
  



Other investments

  
 
507
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
507
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
5
  
 
 
502
  






 






 






 






 






 






 









Total

  
$
43,331
  
 
$
1,656
  
 
$
(445
) 
 
$
44,542
  
 
$
5,505
  
 
$
31,283
  
 
$
7,754
  


 
  






 






 






 






 






 






 









 
Unrealized Losses on
Investments

Investments with
continuous unrealized losses for less than 12 months and 12 months
or greater and their related fair values were as
follows:

 






























 
  
Less than 12
Months
 
 
12 Months or
Greater
 
 


Total
Fair Value

 
 


Total
Unrealized
Losses

 



 
  






 






 
 


(In millions)
  
Fair Value
 
 
Unrealized
Losses
 
 
Fair Value
 
 
Unrealized
Losses
 
 
 

















June 30, 2011
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 












U.S. government and agency
securities

  
$
484
  
 
$
(7
) 
 
$
0
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
484
  
 
$
(7
) 



Foreign government bonds

  
 
365
  
 
 
(2
) 
 
 
0
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
365
  
 
 
(2
) 



Mortgage-backed securities

  
 
63
  
 
 
(3
) 
 
 
14
  
 
 
(1
) 
 
 
77
  
 
 
(4
) 



Corporate notes and bonds

  
 
750
  
 
 
(10
) 
 
 
25
  
 
 
(1
) 
 
 
775
  
 
 
(11
) 



Municipal securities

  
 
79
  
 
 
(2
) 
 
 
0
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
79
  
 
 
(2
) 



Common and preferred stock

  
 
1,377
  
 
 
(146
) 
 
 
206
  
 
 
(47
) 
 
 
1,583
  
 
 
(193
) 






 






 






 






 






 









Total

  
$
  3,118
  
 
$
  (170
) 
 
$
  245
  
 
$
  (49
) 
 
$
  3,363
  
 
$
  (219
) 


 
  






 






 






 






 






 















 
  
Less than 12
Months
 
 
12 Months or
Greater
 
 


Total
Fair Value

 
 

Total
Unrealized
Losses
 


 
  






 






 
 


(In millions)
  
Fair Value
 
 
Unrealized
Losses
 
 
Fair Value
 
 
Unrealized
Losses
 
 
 

















June 30, 2010
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 












U.S. government and agency
securities

  
$
216
  
 
$
(1
) 
 
$
0
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
216
  
 
$
(1
) 



Mortgage-backed securities

  
 
105
  
 
 
(6
) 
 
 
18
  
 
 
(1
) 
 
 
123
  
 
 
(7
) 



Corporate notes and bonds

  
 
1,124
  
 
 
(13
) 
 
 
89
  
 
 
(5
) 
 
 
1,213
  
 
 
(18
) 



Municipal securities

  
 
66
  
 
 
(1
) 
 
 
0
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
66
  
 
 
(1
) 



Common and preferred stock

  
 
2,102
  
 
 
(339
) 
 
 
190
  
 
 
(79
) 
 
 
2,292
  
 
 
(418
) 






 






 






 






 






 









Total

  
$
3,613
  
 
$
(360
) 
 
$
297
  
 
$
(85
) 
 
$
3,910
  
 
$
(445
) 


 
  






 






 






 






 






 









Unrealized losses from
fixed-income securities are primarily attributable to changes in
interest rates. Unrealized losses from domestic and international
equities are due to market price movements. Management does not
believe any remaining unrealized losses represent
other-than-temporary impairments based on our evaluation of
available evidence as of June 30, 2011.

At June 30, 2011 and
2010, the recorded bases and estimated fair values of common and
preferred stock and other investments that are restricted for more
than one year or are not publicly traded were $334 million and $216
million, respectively.
Debt Investment
Maturities

 














(In millions)
  
Cost Basis
 
 


Estimated

Fair Value

 














June 30, 2011
  
 
 
 
 
 








Due in one year or less

  
$
23,982
  
 
$
24,053
  



Due after one year through five
years

  
 
19,516
  
 
 
19,733
  



Due after five years through 10
years

  
 
2,516
  
 
 
2,637
  



Due after 10 years

  
 
2,811
  
 
 
2,945
  






 









Total

  
$
  48,825
  
 
$
  49,368
  


 
  






 













X



- Definition
The entire disclosure of cash, cash equivalents, and debt and equity securities, including any unrealized or realized gain (loss).
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsAndMarketableSecuritiesTextBlock


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
nonnum:textBlockItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration













XML
20
R100.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


Share Repurchases (Detail) (USD $)In Millions

3 Months Ended
12 Months Ended



Jun. 30, 2011


Mar. 31, 2011


Dec. 31, 2010


Sep. 30, 2010


Jun. 30, 2010


Mar. 31, 2010


Dec. 31, 2009


Sep. 30, 2009


Jun. 30, 2009


Mar. 31, 2009


Dec. 31, 2008


Sep. 30, 2008


Jun. 30, 2011


Jun. 30, 2010


Jun. 30, 2009



Share Repurchases [Line Items]
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



Shares
66

30

188

163

130

67

125

58

0

0

95

223

447

380

318



Amount
$ 1,631
[1]
$ 827
[1]
$ 5,000
[1]
$ 4,000
[1]
$ 3,808
[1]
$ 2,000
[1]
$ 3,583
[1]
$ 1,445
[1]
$ 0
[2]
$ 0
[2]
$ 2,234
[2]
$ 5,966
[2]
$ 11,458
[1]
$ 10,836
[1]
$ 8,200
[2]








[1]
All shares repurchased in fiscal years 2011 and 2010 were repurchased under the plan approved by our Board of Directors on September 22, 2008.


[2]
Of the 318 million shares of common stock repurchased in fiscal year 2009, 101 million shares were repurchased for $2.7 billion under the plan approved by our Board of Directors during the first quarter of fiscal year 2007. The remaining shares were repurchased under the plan approved by our Board of Directors on September 22, 2008.








X



- Definition
Share Repurchases [Line Items]
+ Details


 Name:
msft_ShareRepurchasesLineItems


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Number of shares that have been repurchased during the period and have not been retired and are not held in treasury. Some state laws may govern the circumstances under which an entity may acquire its own stock and prescribe the accounting treatment therefore. This element is used when state law does not recognize treasury stock.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29, 30 -Article 5Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21463-112644Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB) -Number 12 -Paragraph 10 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 43 -Chapter 1 -Section B -Paragraph 11A -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodShares


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:sharesItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Equity impact of the value of stock that has been repurchased during the period and has not been retired and is not held in treasury. Some state laws may mandate the circumstances under which an entity may acquire its own stock and prescribe the accounting treatment therefore. This element is used when state law does not recognize treasury stock.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29, 30, 31 -Article 5Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21463-112644Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB) -Number 12 -Paragraph 10 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 43 -Chapter 1 -Section B -Paragraph 11A -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodValue


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
duration













XML
21
R101.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


Share Repurchases (Parenthetical) (Detail) (USD $)In Millions

3 Months Ended
12 Months Ended



Jun. 30, 2011


Mar. 31, 2011


Dec. 31, 2010


Sep. 30, 2010


Jun. 30, 2010


Mar. 31, 2010


Dec. 31, 2009


Sep. 30, 2009


Jun. 30, 2009


Mar. 31, 2009


Dec. 31, 2008


Sep. 30, 2008


Jun. 30, 2011


Jun. 30, 2010


Jun. 30, 2009



Share Repurchases [Line Items]
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



Shares repurchased under the repurchase plan approved by our Board of Directors, number of shares
66

30

188

163

130

67

125

58

0

0

95

223

447

380

318



Shares repurchased under the repurchase plan approved by our Board of Directors, value of shares
$ 1,631
[1]
$ 827
[1]
$ 5,000
[1]
$ 4,000
[1]
$ 3,808
[1]
$ 2,000
[1]
$ 3,583
[1]
$ 1,445
[1]
$ 0
[2]
$ 0
[2]
$ 2,234
[2]
$ 5,966
[2]
$ 11,458
[1]
$ 10,836
[1]
$ 8,200
[2]



Stock Repurchase Plan 2007

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



Share Repurchases [Line Items]
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



Shares repurchased under the repurchase plan approved by our Board of Directors, number of shares
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

101



Shares repurchased under the repurchase plan approved by our Board of Directors, value of shares
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

$ 2,700









[1]
All shares repurchased in fiscal years 2011 and 2010 were repurchased under the plan approved by our Board of Directors on September 22, 2008.


[2]
Of the 318 million shares of common stock repurchased in fiscal year 2009, 101 million shares were repurchased for $2.7 billion under the plan approved by our Board of Directors during the first quarter of fiscal year 2007. The remaining shares were repurchased under the plan approved by our Board of Directors on September 22, 2008.








X



- Definition
Share Repurchases [Line Items]
+ Details


 Name:
msft_ShareRepurchasesLineItems


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Number of shares that have been repurchased during the period and have not been retired and are not held in treasury. Some state laws may govern the circumstances under which an entity may acquire its own stock and prescribe the accounting treatment therefore. This element is used when state law does not recognize treasury stock.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29, 30 -Article 5Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21463-112644Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB) -Number 12 -Paragraph 10 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 43 -Chapter 1 -Section B -Paragraph 11A -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodShares


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:sharesItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Equity impact of the value of stock that has been repurchased during the period and has not been retired and is not held in treasury. Some state laws may mandate the circumstances under which an entity may acquire its own stock and prescribe the accounting treatment therefore. This element is used when state law does not recognize treasury stock.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29, 30, 31 -Article 5Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21463-112644Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB) -Number 12 -Paragraph 10 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 43 -Chapter 1 -Section B -Paragraph 11A -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodValue


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
duration













XML
22
R102.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


Dividends Declared (Detail) (USD $)In Millions, except Per Share data

3 Months Ended
12 Months Ended



Jun. 30, 2011


Mar. 31, 2011


Dec. 31, 2010


Sep. 30, 2010


Jun. 30, 2010


Mar. 31, 2010


Dec. 31, 2009


Sep. 30, 2009


Jun. 30, 2011


Jun. 30, 2010


Jun. 30, 2009



Dividends [Line Items]
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


Declaration Date
Jun. 15,
         2011
Mar. 14,
         2011
Dec. 15,
         2010
Sep. 21,
         2010
Jun. 16,
         2010
Mar.
        08,
         2010
Dec.
        09,
         2009
Sep. 18,
         2009





Dividend Per Share
$ 0.16
$ 0.16
$ 0.16
$ 0.16
$ 0.13
$ 0.13
$ 0.13
$ 0.13
$ 0.64
$ 0.52
$ 0.52


Record Date
Aug. 18,
         2011
May 19,
         2011
Feb. 17,
         2011
Nov. 18,
         2010
Aug. 19,
         2010
May 20,
         2010
Feb. 18,
         2010
Nov. 19,
         2009





Total Amount
$ 1,340
$ 1,350
$ 1,349
$ 1,363
$ 1,118
$ 1,130
$ 1,139
$ 1,152
 
 
 


Payment Date
Sep.
        08,
         2011
Jun.
        09,
         2011
Mar. 10,
         2011
Dec.
        09,
         2010
Sep.
        09,
         2010
Jun. 10,
         2010
Mar. 11,
         2010
Dec. 10,
         2009








X



- Definition
Dividends [Line Items]
+ Details


 Name:
msft_DividendsLineItems


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Aggregate dividends declared during the period for each share of common stock outstanding.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6959260&loc=d3e187085-122770
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_CommonStockDividendsPerShareDeclared


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
num:perShareItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The day, month, and year (YYYY-MM-DD) that the dividend declared as of or prior to the financial reporting date will be paid in the subsequent period.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367179&loc=d3e4304-108586
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_DividendPayableDateToBePaidDayMonthAndYear


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:dateItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The day, month and year (YYYY-MM-DD) that the dividend to be paid was declared.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 32 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367179&loc=d3e4304-108586
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_DividendsPayableDateDeclaredDayMonthAndYear


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:dateItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The date as of when a holder must own the stock to be entitled to the dividend. The ex-dividend date is generally 3 days before the record date.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_DividendsPayableDateOfRecordDayMonthAndYear


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:dateItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Equity impact of stock dividends declared by an entity during the period for all classes of stock (common, preferred, etc.). This element includes paid and unpaid dividends declared during the period.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 942 -SubTopic 405 -Section 45 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6957935&loc=d3e64057-112817Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Statement of Position (SOP) -Number 01-6 -Paragraph 14 -Subparagraph l -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6959260&loc=d3e187085-122770
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_DividendsStock


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
duration













XML
23
R103.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


Other Comprehensive Income and Related Income Tax Effects (Detail) (USD $)In Millions

12 Months Ended



Jun. 30, 2011


Jun. 30, 2010


Jun. 30, 2009



Net Unrealized Gains on Derivatives
 
 
 


Unrealized gains (losses), net of tax effects of $(340), $188, and $472
$ (632)
$ 349
$ 876


Reclassification adjustment for gains included in net income, net of tax effects of $2, $(173), and $(309)
5
(322)
(574)


Net unrealized gains on derivatives
(627)
27
302


Net Unrealized Gains (Losses) on Investments
 
 
 


Unrealized gains (losses), net of tax effects of $726, $263, and $(142)
1,349
488
(263)


Reclassification adjustment for losses (gains) included in net income, net of tax effects of $(159), $(120), and $16
(295)
(223)
30


Net unrealized gains (losses) on investments
1,054
265
(233)


Translation adjustments and other, net of tax effects of $205, $(103) and $(133)
381
(206)
(240)


Other comprehensive income (loss)
$ 808
$ 86
$ (171)





X



- Definition
Gross appreciation or the gross loss in value of the total unsold securities. While for technical reasons this element has no balance attribute, the default assumption is a credit balance consistent with its label.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 220 -SubTopic 10 -Section 55 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (e)-(g) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920433&loc=d3e998-108581Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph 38 -Subparagraph c(3) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 115 -Paragraph 13 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 130 -Paragraph 24 -Subparagraph b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 130 -Paragraph 14, 17, 19, 22, 26 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeAvailableForSaleSecuritiesAdjustmentNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecrease


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Details


 Name:
us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeAvailableForSaleSecuritiesAdjustmentNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecreaseAbstract


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Net of tax effect change in accumulated gains and losses from derivative instruments designated and qualifying as the effective portion of cash flow hedges after taxes. A cash flow hedge is a hedge of the exposure to variability in the cash flows of a recognized asset or liability or a forecasted transaction that is attributable to a particular risk. The change includes an entity's share of an equity investee's increase or decrease in deferred hedging gains or losses. While for technical reasons this element has no balance attribute, the default assumption is a credit balance consistent with its label.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 133 -Paragraph 31, 46 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 130 -Paragraph 14, 17, 20, 24, 26 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 133 -Paragraph 46 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 220 -SubTopic 10 -Section 55 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (d) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920433&loc=d3e998-108581Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 130 -Paragraph 24 -Subparagraph b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 130 -Paragraph 14, 17, 20, 26 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph 38 -Subparagraph c(3) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDerivativesQualifyingAsHedgesNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecrease


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Details


 Name:
us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDerivativesQualifyingAsHedgesNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecreaseAbstract


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Adjustment that results from the process of translating subsidiary financial statements and foreign equity investments into the reporting currency of the reporting entity, net of tax.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 830 -SubTopic 30 -Section 45 -Paragraph 20 -Subparagraph (b),(c) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6915805&loc=d3e32211-110900Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 220 -SubTopic 10 -Section 55 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920433&loc=d3e998-108581Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 130 -Paragraph 24 -Subparagraph b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph 38 -Subparagraph c(3) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 130 -Paragraph 14, 17, 19, 26 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 52 -Paragraph 13, 20, 31 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecrease


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
This element represents Other Comprehensive Income or Loss, Net of Tax, for the period.  Includes deferred gains or losses on qualifying hedges, unrealized holding gains or losses on available-for-sale securities, minimum pension liability, and cumulative translation adjustment. While for technical reasons this element has no balance attribute, the default assumption is a credit balance consistent with its label.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 130 -Paragraph 22, 23, 24, 25 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21463-112644Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB) -Number 12 -Paragraph 10 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 220 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 8 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920043&loc=d3e599-108580Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 31 -Article 5Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph 38 -Subparagraph c(3) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecrease


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Reclassification adjustment for unrealized gains or losses realized upon the sale of securities, after tax.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 320 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 9 -Subparagraph (d) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6872113&loc=d3e27357-111563Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Reclassification Adjustments -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6522872Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 130 -Paragraph 24 -Subparagraph b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 220 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 15 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920043&loc=d3e689-108580Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 130 -Paragraph 18, 19 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 220 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 11 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920043&loc=d3e637-108580Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph 38 -Subparagraph c(3) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeReclassificationAdjustmentForSaleOfSecuritiesIncludedInNetIncomeNetOfTax


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Net of tax effect of the reclassification adjustment for accumulated gains and losses from derivative instrument designated and qualifying as the effective portion of cash flow hedges included in accumulated comprehensive income that was realized in net income during the period.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 220 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 15 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920043&loc=d3e689-108580Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 133 -Paragraph 31, 46 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 130 -Paragraph 18, 19 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 130 -Paragraph 24 -Subparagraph b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph 38 -Subparagraph c(3) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 815 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4C -Subparagraph (c) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6935481&loc=SL5624171-113959Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 220 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 11 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920043&loc=d3e637-108580Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Reclassification Adjustments -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6522872
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeReclassificationAdjustmentOnDerivativesIncludedInNetIncomeNetOfTax


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Change in accumulated gains and losses from derivative instrument designated and qualifying as the effective portion of cash flow hedges, net of tax effect. The after tax effect change includes an entity's share of an equity investee's Increase or Decrease in deferred hedging gains or losses.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 815 -SubTopic 30 -Section 45 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6441202&loc=d3e80720-113993Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 130 -Paragraph 24 -Subparagraph b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph 38 -Subparagraph c(3) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 130 -Paragraph 17, 20 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 220 -SubTopic 10 -Section 55 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (d) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920433&loc=d3e998-108581Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 133 -Paragraph 46 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 815 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4C -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6935481&loc=SL5624171-113959Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 220 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 11 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920043&loc=d3e637-108580Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 130 -Paragraph 121 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 10: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 220 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 13 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920043&loc=d3e653-108580
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedGainLossOnDerivativesArisingDuringPeriodNetOfTax


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Appreciation or loss in value (before reclassification adjustment) of the total of unsold securities during the period being reported on, net of tax. Reclassification adjustments include: (1) the unrealized holding gain (loss), net of tax, at the date of the transfer for a debt security from the held-to-maturity category transferred into the available-for-sale category. Also includes the unrealized gain (loss) at the date of transfer for a debt security from the available-for-sale category transferred into the held-to-maturity category; (2) the unrealized gains (losses) realized upon the sale of securities, after tax; and (3) the unrealized gains (losses) realized upon the write-down of securities, after tax.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 220 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 11 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920043&loc=d3e637-108580Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 220 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 13 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920043&loc=d3e653-108580Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 115 -Paragraph 13 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 220 -SubTopic 10 -Section 55 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (e) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920433&loc=d3e998-108581Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 130 -Paragraph 24 -Subparagraph b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 130 -Paragraph 17, 22 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph 38 -Subparagraph c(3) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedHoldingGainLossOnSecuritiesArisingDuringPeriodNetOfTax


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
duration













XML
24
R104.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


Other Comprehensive Income and Related Income Tax Effects (Parenthetical) (Detail) (USD $)In Millions

12 Months Ended



Jun. 30, 2011


Jun. 30, 2010


Jun. 30, 2009



Comprehensive Income (Loss) [Line Items]
 
 
 


Unrealized gains (losses), tax effects
$ (340)
$ 188
$ 472


Reclassification adjustment for gains included in net income, tax effects
2
(173)
(309)


Unrealized gains (losses), tax effects
726
263
(142)


Reclassification adjustment for losses (gains) included in net income, tax effects
(159)
(120)
16


Translation adjustments and other, tax effects
$ 205
$ (103)
$ (133)





X



- Definition
Comprehensive Income (Loss) [Line Items]
+ Details


 Name:
msft_ComprehensiveIncomeLossLineItems


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Tax effect of the adjustment that results from the process of translating subsidiary financial statements and foreign equity investments into functional currency of the reporting entity. While for technical reasons this element has no balance attribute, the default assumption is a credit balance consistent with its label.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 130 -Paragraph 25 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 220 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 12 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920043&loc=d3e640-108580Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph 38 -Subparagraph c(3) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTranslationAdjustmentTax


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Tax effect on the reclassification adjustment for gains or losses realized upon the sale of securities during the period.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 130 -Paragraph 25 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 220 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 12 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920043&loc=d3e640-108580Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph 38 -Subparagraph c(3) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeReclassificationAdjustmentForSaleOfSecuritiesIncludedInNetIncomeTax


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Tax effect on reclassification adjustment for accumulated gains and losses from derivative instrument designated and qualifying as the effective portion of cash flow hedges included in accumulated comprehensive income that was realized in net income during the period.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 130 -Paragraph 25 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 220 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 12 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920043&loc=d3e640-108580Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph 38 -Subparagraph c(3) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeReclassificationAdjustmentOnDerivativesIncludedInNetIncomeTax


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Tax effect on the change in accumulated gains and losses from derivative instruments designated and qualifying as the effective portion of cash flow hedges. Includes an entity's share of an equity investee's Increase or Decrease in deferred hedging gains or losses.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 130 -Paragraph 25 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 220 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 12 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920043&loc=d3e640-108580Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph 38 -Subparagraph c(3) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedGainLossOnDerivativesArisingDuringPeriodTax


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Tax effect on gross appreciation or the gross loss in value of the total of unsold securities during the period being reported on.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 130 -Paragraph 25 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 220 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 12 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920043&loc=d3e640-108580Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph 38 -Subparagraph c(3) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedHoldingGainLossOnSecuritiesArisingDuringPeriodTax


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
duration













XML
25
R105.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Detail) (USD $)In Millions


Jun. 30, 2011


Jun. 30, 2010


Jun. 30, 2009



Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) [Line Items]
 
 
 


Net unrealized gains (losses) on derivatives
$ (163)
$ 464
$ 437


Net unrealized gains on investments
1,821
767
502


Translation adjustments and other
205
(176)
30


Accumulated other comprehensive income
$ 1,863
$ 1,055
$ 969





X



- Definition
Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) [Line Items]
+ Details


 Name:
msft_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossLineItems


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Accumulated appreciation or loss, net of tax, in value of the total of available-for-sale securities at the end of an accounting period.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 220 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 13 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920043&loc=d3e653-108580Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 130 -Paragraph 26 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 220 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 11 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920043&loc=d3e637-108580Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 220 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 14 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920043&loc=d3e681-108580
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossAvailableForSaleSecuritiesAdjustmentNetOfTax


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
Accumulated change, net of tax, in accumulated gains and losses from derivative instruments designated and qualifying as the effective portion of cash flow hedges. Includes an entity's share of an equity investee's Increase or Decrease in deferred hedging gains or losses.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 220 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 13 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920043&loc=d3e653-108580Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 815 -SubTopic 30 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6887037&loc=d3e80784-113994Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 130 -Paragraph 26 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 220 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 11 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920043&loc=d3e637-108580Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 220 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 14 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920043&loc=d3e681-108580
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossCumulativeChangesInNetGainLossFromCashFlowHedgesEffectNetOfTax


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
Accumulated adjustment, net of tax, that results from the process of translating subsidiary financial statements and foreign equity investments into the reporting currency from the functional currency of the reporting entity, net of reclassification of realized foreign currency translation gains or losses.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 830 -SubTopic 30 -Section 45 -Paragraph 12 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6915805&loc=d3e32022-110900Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 130 -Paragraph 17, 18, 19, 22, 23, 24, 25, 26 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 220 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 13 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920043&loc=d3e653-108580Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 133 -Paragraph 45 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 220 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 14 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920043&loc=d3e681-108580Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB) -Number 12 -Paragraph 10 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 830 -SubTopic 30 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6450520&loc=d3e32583-110901Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 52 -Paragraph 31 -Subparagraph a -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 52 -Paragraph 12, 13 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 10: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 220 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 11 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920043&loc=d3e637-108580
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTax


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
Accumulated change in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources, net of tax effect, at period end. Excludes Net Income (Loss), and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Includes foreign currency translation items, certain pension adjustments, unrealized gains and losses on certain investments in debt and equity securities, other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses related to factors other than credit losses on available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities that an entity does not intend to sell and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost basis, as well as changes in the fair value of derivatives related to the effective portion of a designated cash flow hedge.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 220 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 13 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920043&loc=d3e653-108580Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 130 -Paragraph 14, 17, 26 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 31 -Article 5Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB) -Number 12 -Paragraph 10 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name FASB Staff Position (FSP) -Number FAS115-1/124-1 -Paragraph 15D -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 220 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 11 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920043&loc=d3e637-108580Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 220 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 14 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920043&loc=d3e681-108580
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
instant













XML
26
R106.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


Employee Stock and Savings Plans - Additional Information (Detail) (USD $)In Millions, except Per Share data, unless otherwise specified

12 Months Ended



Jun. 30, 2011


Jun. 30, 2010


Jun. 30, 2009



Compensation Related Costs Share Based Payments Disclosure [Line Items]
 
 
 


Shares authorized for future grant
583
 
 


Shares reserved for future issuance through the employee stock purchase plan
43
 
 


Options outstanding
93
187
 


Weighted average exercise price of options outstanding
$ 23.21
$ 24.68
 


Matching contributions for all employee savings plans
$ 282
$ 275
$ 262



Lower Limit | Executive Officer Incentive Plan

 
 
 


Compensation Related Costs Share Based Payments Disclosure [Line Items]
 
 
 


Percentage of the target award pool that is granted based on performance
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%



Upper Limit | Executive Officer Incentive Plan

 
 
 


Compensation Related Costs Share Based Payments Disclosure [Line Items]
 
 
 


Percentage of the target award pool that is granted based on performance
150.00%
150.00%
150.00%



Executive Officer Incentive Plan

 
 
 


Compensation Related Costs Share Based Payments Disclosure [Line Items]
 
 
 


Percentage of operating income for Executive Officer Incentive Plan
0.25%
0.45%
0.35%



Executive Officer Incentive Plan | Stock Awards

 
 
 


Compensation Related Costs Share Based Payments Disclosure [Line Items]
 
 
 


Percentage of operating income for Executive Officer Incentive Plan
80.00%
80.00%
80.00%


Vesting period
The SA portion of the award vests one-quarter immediately after the award is approved following fiscal year-end and one-quarter on August 31 of each of the following three years.
 
 



Executive Officer Incentive Plan | Cash

 
 
 


Compensation Related Costs Share Based Payments Disclosure [Line Items]
 
 
 


Percentage of operating income for Executive Officer Incentive Plan
20.00%
20.00%
20.00%



Options Business Combinations

 
 
 


Compensation Related Costs Share Based Payments Disclosure [Line Items]
 
 
 


Granted stock options in conjunction with business acquisitions
0
1
1


Award vest period
P4.5Y
P4.5Y
P4.5Y


Term of the award from grant date to expiration
10
10
10


Options outstanding
2
 
 


Options outstanding that were granted in conjunction with business acquisitions, exercise price range, low limit
$ 0.01
 
 


Options outstanding that were granted in conjunction with business acquisitions, exercise price range, high limit
$ 29.24
 
 


Weighted average exercise price of options outstanding
$ 7.69
 
 



Employees Stock Purchase Plan

 
 
 


Compensation Related Costs Share Based Payments Disclosure [Line Items]
 
 
 


Percentage of market value at which employees are able to purchase shares of common stock
90.00%
90.00%
90.00%


Maximum percentage of gross compensation at which employees may purchase shares
15.00%
15.00%
15.00%



Stock Awards

 
 
 


Compensation Related Costs Share Based Payments Disclosure [Line Items]
 
 
 


Award vest period
5 years
 
 


Unrecognized compensation costs
4,500
 
 


Unrecognized compensation costs are expected to be recognized over a weighted average period (years)
3.3
 
 



Lower Limit | Shared Performance Stock Awards

 
 
 


Compensation Related Costs Share Based Payments Disclosure [Line Items]
 
 
 


Percentage of the target award pool that is granted based on performance
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%



Upper Limit | Shared Performance Stock Awards

 
 
 


Compensation Related Costs Share Based Payments Disclosure [Line Items]
 
 
 


Percentage of the target award pool that is granted based on performance
150.00%
150.00%
150.00%



Shared Performance Stock Awards

 
 
 


Compensation Related Costs Share Based Payments Disclosure [Line Items]
 
 
 


Additional percentage of the target award pool that may be granted based on individual performance
12.00%
12.00%
12.00%


Unrecognized compensation costs
$ 467
 
 


Unrecognized compensation costs are expected to be recognized over a weighted average period (years)
2.5
 
 



Upper Limit

 
 
 


Compensation Related Costs Share Based Payments Disclosure [Line Items]
 
 
 


Percentage of salary participating U.S. employees may contribute to the savings plan
50.00%
50.00%
50.00%


Percentage of employee's earnings the company may contribute to the savings plan
3.00%
3.00%
3.00%





X



- Definition
An additional percentage of the target award pool that may be granted based on individual performance.
+ Details


 Name:
msft_AdditionalSharePool


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
num:percentItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The maximum percentage of an employee's salary that they may contribute to the savings plan.
+ Details


 Name:
msft_CashArrangementEmployeeSubscriptionRate


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
num:percentItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Compensation Related Costs Share Based Payments Disclosure [Line Items]
+ Details


 Name:
msft_CompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsDisclosureLineItems


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Number of stock options obtained through acquisitions of businesses.
+ Details


 Name:
msft_ConversionOfAquiredBusinessesStockOptions


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
xbrli:sharesItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The maximum percentage of an employee's earnings that the company may contribute to the savings plan.
+ Details


 Name:
msft_DefinedContributionPlanContributionRate


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
num:percentItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The percentage of operating income available as a pool to be granted to employees through the Executive Officer Incentive Plan.
+ Details


 Name:
msft_OperatingIncomePercentAvailableForAward


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
num:percentItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The percentage of the award by type of award.
+ Details


 Name:
msft_PercentageOfAwardByTypeOfAward


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
num:percentItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The maximum number of shares originally approved, net of any subsequent amendments and adjustments, for employee purchases under the employee stock purchase plan.
+ Details


 Name:
msft_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByEmployeeStockPurchasePlanNumberOfSharesAuthorized


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
xbrli:sharesItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
The percentage of market value at which employees are able to purchase shares of common stock.
+ Details


 Name:
msft_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardMarketPriceLessDiscount


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
num:percentItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The term of the award from grant date to expiration.
+ Details


 Name:
msft_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExpirationTerm


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
xbrli:decimalItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The percentage of the target award pool that is granted based on performance.
+ Details


 Name:
msft_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardTargetAward


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
num:percentItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The amount of the cost recognized during the period for defined contribution plans.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 132R -Paragraph 11 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 70 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6414718&loc=d3e28014-114942
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanCostRecognized


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
As of the balance sheet date, the aggregate unrecognized cost of equity-based awards made to employees under equity-based compensation awards that have yet to vest.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph A240 -Subparagraph h -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (i) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognized


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
The weighted average period over which unrecognized compensation is expected to be recognized for equity-based compensation plans, using a decimal to express in number of years.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph A240 -Subparagraph h -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (i) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:decimalItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Description of the period of time over which an employee's right to exercise an award is no longer contingent on satisfaction of either a service condition, market condition or a performance condition, which may be expressed in a variety of ways (for example, in years, month and year).
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph A240 -Subparagraph a -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (a)(1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
us-types:durationStringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Description of award terms as to how many shares or portion of an award are no longer contingent on satisfaction of either a service condition, market condition or a performance condition, thereby giving the employee the legal right to convert the award to shares, to sell the shares, and be entitled to the cash proceeds of such sale. For example, vesting may be expressed as being 25 percent of the shares under option on each anniversary of the grant date.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph A240 -Subparagraph a -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (a)(1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingRights


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The highest percentage of annual salary that an employee is permitted to utilize with respect to the plan.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph 65 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph A240 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardMaximumEmployeeSubscriptionRate


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
num:percentItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
The maximum number of shares (or other type of equity) originally approved (usually by shareholders and board of directors), net of any subsequent amendments and adjustments, for awards under the equity-based compensation plan. As stock or unit options and equity instruments other than options are awarded to participants, the shares or units remain authorized and become reserved for issuance under outstanding awards (not necessarily vested).
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph A240 -Subparagraph a -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (a)(3) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAuthorized


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:sharesItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
The number of shares reserved for issuance under stock option agreements awarded under the plan that validly exist and are outstanding as of the balance sheet date, including vested options.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(i)-(ii) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph A240 -Subparagraph b(1)(a) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph A240 -Subparagraph b(1)(b) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:sharesItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
The weighted average price as of the beginning of the year at which grantees can acquire the shares reserved for issuance under the stock option plan.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph A240 -Subparagraph b(1)(a) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(i) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
num:perShareItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
The floor of a customized range of exercise prices for purposes of disclosing shares potentially issuable under outstanding stock option awards on all stock option plans and other required information pertaining to awards in the customized range.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph 64 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (g) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeLowerRangeLimit


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
num:perShareItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The ceiling of a customized range of exercise prices for purposes of disclosing shares potentially issuable under outstanding stock option awards on all stock option plans and other required information pertaining to awards in the customized range.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph 64 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (g) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeUpperRangeLimit


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
num:perShareItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration













XML
27
R107.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


Stock-Based Compensation Expense and Related Income Tax Benefits (Detail) (USD $)In Millions

12 Months Ended



Jun. 30, 2011


Jun. 30, 2010


Jun. 30, 2009



Employee Service Share-based Compensation, Allocation of Recognized Period Costs [Line Items]
 
 
 


Stock-based compensation expense
$ 2,166
$ 1,891
$ 1,708


Income tax benefits related to stock-based compensation
$ 758
$ 662
$ 598





X



- Definition
Represents the expense recognized during the period arising from equity-based compensation arrangements (for example, shares of stock, unit, stock options or other equity instruments) with employees, directors and certain consultants qualifying for treatment as employees.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5047-113901Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (h)(1)(i) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph A240 -Subparagraph g(1) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 14.F) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6793087&loc=d3e301413-122809Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 14 -Section FReference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph 64 -Subparagraph b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationAllocationOfRecognizedPeriodCostsLineItems


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The total recognized tax benefit related to compensation cost for equity-based payment arrangements recognized in income during the period.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph A240 -Subparagraph g(1) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (h)(1)(i) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationTaxBenefitFromCompensationExpense


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
duration













XML
28
R108.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


Assumptions Used in Estimating the Fair Value of Award Grants (Detail) (USD $)

12 Months Ended



Jun. 30, 2011


Jun. 30, 2010


Jun. 30, 2009



Share based Compensation Arrangement by Share based Payment Award, Fair Value Assumptions, Method Used [Line Items]
 
 
 


Dividends per share (quarterly amounts)
 
$ 0.13
 


Interest rates range minimum
1.10%
2.10%
1.40%


Interest rates range maximum
2.40%
2.90%
3.60%



Lower Limit

 
 
 


Share based Compensation Arrangement by Share based Payment Award, Fair Value Assumptions, Method Used [Line Items]
 
 
 


Dividends per share (quarterly amounts)
$ 0.13
 
$ 0.11



Upper Limit

 
 
 


Share based Compensation Arrangement by Share based Payment Award, Fair Value Assumptions, Method Used [Line Items]
 
 
 


Dividends per share (quarterly amounts)
$ 0.16
 
$ 0.13





X



- Definition
Share Based Compensation Arrangement By Share Based Payment Award, Fair Value Assumptions, Expected Dividends Per Share
+ Details


 Name:
msft_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendsPerShare


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
num:perShareItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Share based Compensation Arrangement by Share based Payment Award, Fair Value Assumptions, Method Used [Line Items]
+ Details


 Name:
msft_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsMethodUsedLineItems


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The maximum risk-free interest rate assumption that is used in valuing an option on its own shares.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRateMaximum


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
num:percentItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The minimum risk-free interest rate assumption that is used in valuing an option on its own shares.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRateMinimum


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
num:percentItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration













XML
29
R109.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


Stock Plan Activity (Detail) (USD $)In Millions, except Per Share data

12 Months Ended



Jun. 30, 2011


Jun. 30, 2010


Jun. 30, 2009




Stock Awards

 
 
 


Shares
 
 
 


Nonvested balance, beginning of year
223
 
 


Granted
114
100
91


Vested
(63)
 
 


Forfeited
(19)
 
 


Nonvested balance, end of year
255
223
 


Weighted Average Grant-Date Fair Value
 
 
 


Nonvested balance, beginning of year
$ 24.76
 
 


Granted
$ 22.17
$ 23.43
$ 24.95


Vested
$ 25.00
 
 


Forfeited
$ 23.97
 
 


Nonvested balance, end of year
$ 23.59
$ 24.76
 



Shared Performance Stock Awards

 
 
 


Shares
 
 
 


Nonvested balance, beginning of year
30
 
 


Granted
18
12
10


Vested
(13)
 
 


Forfeited
(3)
 
 


Nonvested balance, end of year
32
30
 


Weighted Average Grant-Date Fair Value
 
 
 


Nonvested balance, beginning of year
$ 25.32
 
 


Granted
$ 22.56
$ 24.57
$ 25.93


Vested
$ 25.63
 
 


Forfeited
$ 24.05
 
 


Nonvested balance, end of year
$ 23.76
$ 25.32
 





X



- Definition
Share based Compensation Arrangement by Share based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value [Abstract]
+ Details


 Name:
msft_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValueAbstract


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The number of equity-based payment instruments, excluding stock (or unit) options, that were forfeited during the reporting period.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph A240 -Subparagraph b(2)(e) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(iv)(3) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:sharesItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The weighted average fair value as of the grant date of equity-based award plans other than stock (unit) option plans that were not exercised or put into effect during the reporting period as a result of the occurrence of a terminating event specified in the contractual agreement of the plan.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph A240 -Subparagraph b(2)(e) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (c)(2)(iii)(3) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
num:perShareItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
The number of grants made during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example, phantom stock or unit plan, stock or unit appreciation rights plan, performance target plan).
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph A240 -Subparagraph b(2)(c) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (c)(2)(iii)(1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:sharesItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The weighted average fair value at grant date for nonvested equity-based awards issued during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example, phantom stock or unit plan, stock or unit appreciation rights plan, performance target plan).
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph A240 -Subparagraph b(2)(c) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph A240 -Subparagraph c(1) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (c)(2)(iii)(1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
num:perShareItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The number of non-vested equity-based payment instruments, excluding stock (or unit) options, that validly exist and are outstanding as of the balance sheet date.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph A240 -Subparagraph b(2)(a) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph A240 -Subparagraph b(2)(b) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (c)(2)(i)-(ii) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:sharesItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
A roll forward is a reconciliation of a concept from the beginning of a period to the end of a period.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedRollForward


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The weighted average fair value of nonvested awards on equity-based plans excluding option plans (for example, phantom stock or unit plan, stock or unit appreciation rights plan, revenue or profit achievement stock award plan) for which the employer is contingently obligated to issue equity instruments or transfer assets to an employee who has not yet satisfied service or performance criteria necessary to gain title to proceeds from the sale of the award or underlying shares or units.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph A240 -Subparagraph b(2)(a) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph A240 -Subparagraph b(2)(b) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (c)(2)(i)-(ii) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
num:perShareItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
The number of equity-based payment instruments, excluding stock (or unit) options, that vested during the reporting period.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph A240 -Subparagraph b(2)(d) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (c)(2)(iii)(2) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:sharesItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The weighted average fair value as of grant date pertaining to an equity-based award plan other than a stock (or unit) option plan for which the grantee gained the right during the reporting period, by satisfying service and performance requirements, to receive or retain shares or units, other instruments, or cash in accordance with the terms of the arrangement.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph A240 -Subparagraph b(2)(d) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (c)(2)(iii)(2) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
num:perShareItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration













XML
30
R11.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


DERIVATIVES

12 Months Ended



Jun. 30, 2011



DERIVATIVES


NOTE 5 —
DERIVATIVES

We use derivative
instruments to manage risks related to foreign currencies, equity
prices, interest rates, and credit; to enhance investment returns;
and to facilitate portfolio diversification. Our objectives for
holding derivatives include reducing, eliminating, and efficiently
managing the economic impact of these exposures as effectively as
possible. Our derivative programs include strategies that both
qualify and do not qualify for hedge accounting treatment. All
notional amounts presented below are measured in U.S. currency
equivalents.
Foreign Currency

Certain forecasted
transactions, assets, and liabilities are exposed to foreign
currency risk. We monitor our foreign currency exposures daily to
maximize the economic effectiveness of our foreign currency hedge
positions. Option and forward contracts are used to hedge a portion
of forecasted international revenue for up to three years in the
future and are designated as cash-flow hedging instruments.
Principal currencies hedged include the euro, Japanese yen, British
pound, and Canadian dollar. As of June 30, 2011 and 2010, the
total notional amounts of these foreign exchange contracts sold
were $10.6 billion and $9.3 billion, respectively. Foreign
currency risks related to certain non-U.S. dollar denominated
securities are hedged using foreign exchange forward contracts that
are designated as fair-value hedging instruments. As of
June 30, 2011 and 2010, the total notional amounts of these
foreign exchange contracts sold were $572 million and $523 million,
respectively. Certain options and forwards not designated as
hedging instruments are also used to manage the variability in
exchange rates on accounts receivable, cash, and intercompany
positions, and to manage other foreign currency exposures. As
of June 30, 2011, the total notional amounts of these foreign
exchange contracts purchased and sold were $3.9 billion and $7.3
billion, respectively. As of June 30, 2010, the total notional
amounts of these foreign exchange contracts purchased and sold were
$7.8 billion and $5.3 billion, respectively.
Equity

Securities held in our
equity and other investments portfolio are subject to market price
risk. Market price risk is managed relative to broad-based
global and domestic equity indices using certain convertible
preferred investments, options, futures, and swap contracts not
designated as hedging instruments. From time to time, to hedge our
price risk, we may use and designate equity derivatives as hedging
instruments, including puts, calls, swaps, and forwards. As of
June 30, 2011, the total notional amounts of designated and
non-designated equity contracts purchased and sold were $1.4
billion and $935 million, respectively. As of June 30, 2010,
the total notional amounts of designated and non-designated equity
contracts purchased and sold were $918 million and $472 million,
respectively.
Interest Rate

Securities held in our
fixed-income portfolio are subject to different interest rate risks
based on their maturities. We manage the average maturity of our
fixed-income portfolio to achieve economic returns that correlate
to certain broad-based fixed-income indices using exchange-traded
option and futures contracts and over-the-counter swap and option
contracts, none of which are designated as hedging instruments. As
of June 30, 2011, the total notional amounts of fixed-interest
rate contracts purchased and sold were $2.3 billion and $2.2
billion, respectively. As of June 30, 2010, the total notional
amounts of fixed-interest rate contracts purchased and sold were
$3.1 billion and $1.8 billion, respectively. In addition, we use
“To Be Announced” forward purchase commitments of
mortgage-backed assets to gain exposure to agency mortgage-backed
securities. These meet the definition of a derivative
instrument in cases where physical delivery of the assets is not
taken at the earliest available delivery date. As of June 30,
2011 and 2010, the total notional derivative amount of mortgage
contracts purchased were $868 million and $305 million,
respectively.
Credit

Our fixed-income
portfolio is diversified and consists primarily of investment-grade
securities. We use credit default swap contracts, not designated as
hedging instruments, to manage credit exposures relative to
broad-based indices and to facilitate portfolio diversification. We
use credit default swaps as they are a low cost method of managing
exposure to individual credit risks or groups of credit risks. As
of June 30, 2011, the total notional amounts of credit
contracts purchased and sold were $532 million and $277 million,
respectively. As of June 30, 2010, the total notional amounts
of credit contracts purchased and sold were $371 million and $199
million, respectively.
Commodity

We use broad-based
commodity exposures to enhance portfolio returns and to facilitate
portfolio diversification. We use swap, futures and option
contracts, not designated as hedging instruments, to generate and
manage exposures to broad-based commodity indices. We use
derivatives on commodities as they can be low-cost alternatives to
the purchase and storage of a variety of commodities, including,
but not limited to, precious metals, energy, and grain. As of
June 30, 2011, the total notional amounts of commodity
contracts purchased and sold were $1.9 billion and $502 million,
respectively. As of June 30, 2010, the total notional amounts
of commodity contracts purchased and sold were $1.1 billion and
$376 million, respectively.
Credit Risk-Related Contingent
Features

Certain of our
counterparty agreements for derivative instruments contain
provisions that require our issued and outstanding long-term
unsecured debt to maintain an investment grade credit rating and
require us to maintain a minimum liquidity of $1.0 billion. To the
extent we fail to meet these requirements, we will be required to
post collateral, similar to the standard convention related to
over-the-counter derivatives. As of June 30, 2011, our
long-term unsecured debt rating was AAA, and cash investments were
in excess of $1.0 billion. As a result, no collateral was required
to be posted.
Fair Values of Derivative
Instruments

Following are the gross
fair values of derivative instruments designated as hedging
instruments (“designated hedge derivatives”) and not
designated as hedging instruments (“non-designated hedge
derivatives”) that were held at June 30, 2011 and 2010.
The fair values exclude the impact of netting derivative assets and
liabilities when a legally enforceable master netting agreement
exists and fair value adjustments related to our own credit risk
and counterparty credit risk.

 






























(In millions)
  


Foreign

Exchange

Contracts

 
 


Equity

Contracts

 
 


Interest

Rate

Contracts

 
 


Credit

Contracts

 
 


Commodity

Contracts

 
 


Total

Derivatives

 


















June 30, 2011
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 











Assets
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 












Non-designated hedge
derivatives:

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Short-term investments

  
$
     14
  
 
$
  179
  
 
$
   0
  
 
$
   17
  
 
$
   4
  
 
$
   214
  



Other current assets

  
 
73
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
73
  






 






 






 






 






 









Total

  
$
87
  
 
$
179
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
17
  
 
$
4
  
 
$
287
  



Designated hedge
derivatives:

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Short-term investments

  
$
6
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
6
  



Other current assets

  
 
123
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
123
  






 






 






 






 






 









Total

  
$
129
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
129
  


 
  






 






 






 






 






 









Total assets

  
$
216
  
 
$
179
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
17
  
 
$
4
  
 
$
416
  


 
  






 






 






 






 






 

















Liabilities
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 












Non-designated hedge
derivatives:

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Other current liabilities

  
$
(91
) 
 
$
(12
) 
 
$
(9
) 
 
$
(19
) 
 
$
(4
) 
 
$
(135
) 



Designated hedge
derivatives:

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Other current liabilities

  
$
(128
) 
 
$
0
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
(128
) 






 






 






 






 






 









Total liabilities

  
$
(219
) 
 
$
(12
) 
 
$
(9
) 
 
$
(19
) 
 
$
(4
) 
 
$
(263
) 


 
  






 






 






 






 






 









 






























(In millions)
  


Foreign

Exchange

Contracts

 
 


Equity

Contracts

 
 


Interest

Rate

Contracts

 
 


Credit

Contracts

 
 


Commodity

Contracts

 
 


Total

Derivatives

 


















June 30, 2010
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 











Assets
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 












Non-designated hedge
derivatives:

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Short-term investments

  
$
    15
  
 
$
  134
  
 
$
   12
  
 
$
   7
  
 
$
   8
  
 
$
   176
  



Other current assets

  
 
34
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
34
  






 






 






 






 






 









Total

  
$
49
  
 
$
134
  
 
$
12
  
 
$
7
  
 
$
8
  
 
$
210
  



Designated hedge
derivatives:

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Short-term investments

  
$
3
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
3
  



Other current assets

  
 
563
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
563
  






 






 






 






 






 









Total

  
$
566
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
566
  


 
  






 






 






 






 






 









Total assets

  
$
615
  
 
$
134
  
 
$
12
  
 
$
7
  
 
$
8
  
 
$
776
  


 
  






 






 






 






 






 

















Liabilities
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 












Non-designated hedge
derivatives:

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Other current liabilities

  
$
(60
) 
 
$
(17
) 
 
$
(33
) 
 
$
(41
) 
 
$
(5
) 
 
$
(156
) 



Designated hedge
derivatives:

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Other current liabilities

  
$
(9
) 
 
$
0
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
(9
) 






 






 






 






 






 









Total liabilities

  
$
(69
) 
 
$
(17
) 
 
$
(33
) 
 
$
(41
) 
 
$
(5
) 
 
$
(165
) 


 
  






 






 






 






 






 









See also Note 4 –
Investments and Note 6 – Fair Value
Measurements.
Fair Value Hedge Gains
(Losses)

We recognized in other
income (expense) the following gains (losses) related to fair value
hedges and their related hedged items:

 


















(In millions)
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 















Year Ended June 30,
  
2011
 
 
2010
 
 
2009
 








Foreign Exchange Contracts
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 









Derivatives

  
$
   (92
) 
 
$
   (57
) 
 
$
   121
  



Hedged items

  
 
85
  
 
 
60
  
 
 
(120
) 






 






 









Total

  
$
(7
) 
 
$
3
  
 
$
1
  


 
  






 






 














Equity Contracts
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 









Derivatives

  
$
0
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
191
  



Hedged items

  
 
0
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
(211
) 






 






 









Total

  
$
0
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
(20
) 


 
  






 






 









 
Cash Flow Hedge Gains
(Losses)

We recognized the
following gains (losses) related to foreign exchange contracts
designated as cash flow hedges (our only cash flow hedges during
the periods reported):

 


















(In millions)
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 















Year Ended June 30,
  
2011
 
 
2010
 
 
2009
 








Effective Portion
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 









Gain (loss) recognized in OCI, net of
tax effect of $(340), $188 and $472

  
$
  (632
) 
 
$
   349
  
 
$
   876
  



Gain (loss) reclassified from OCI
into revenue

  
$
(7
) 
 
$
495
  
 
$
884
  








Amount Excluded from Effectiveness Assessment and
Ineffective Portion
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 









Loss recognized in other income
(expense)

  
$
(276
) 
 
$
(174
) 
 
$
(314
) 




We estimate that $186
million of net derivative losses included in OCI at June 30,
2011 will be reclassified into earnings within the following 12
months. No significant amounts of gains (losses) were reclassified
from OCI into earnings as a result of forecasted transactions that
failed to occur during fiscal year 2011.
Non-Designated Derivative Gains
(Losses)

Gains (losses) from
changes in fair values of derivatives that are not designated as
hedges are primarily recognized in other income (expense). These
amounts are shown in the table below, with the exception of gains
(losses) on derivatives presented in income statement line items
other than other income (expense), which were immaterial for all
periods presented. Other than those derivatives entered into for
investment purposes, such as commodity contracts, the gains
(losses) below are generally economically offset by unrealized
gains (losses) in the underlying available-for-sale
securities.

 


















(In millions)
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 















Year Ended June 30,
  
2011
 
 
2010
 
 
2009
 









Foreign exchange contracts

  
$
   (27
) 
 
$
  106
  
 
$
  (234
) 



Equity contracts

  
 
35
  
 
 
12
  
 
 
(131
) 



Interest-rate contracts

  
 
19
  
 
 
(4
) 
 
 
5
  



Credit contracts

  
 
24
  
 
 
22
  
 
 
(18
) 



Commodity contracts

  
 
148
  
 
 
(1
) 
 
 
(126
) 






 






 









Total

  
$
199
  
 
$
135
  
 
$
(504
) 


 
  






 






 













X



- Definition
The entire disclosure for the entity's entire derivative instruments and hedging activities.  Describes an entity's risk management strategies, derivatives in hedging activities and non-hedging derivative instruments, the assets, obligations, liabilities, revenues and expenses arising therefrom, and the amounts of and methodologies and assumptions used in determining the amounts of such items.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 133 -Paragraph 44 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 815 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1B -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6935481&loc=SL5580258-113959Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(n)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6881521&loc=d3e23780-122690Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 815 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4A -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6935481&loc=SL5618551-113959Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 815 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4B -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6935481&loc=SL5624163-113959Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 815 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4J -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6935481&loc=SL5708773-113959Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 815 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6935481&loc=d3e41638-113959Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 815 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4C -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6935481&loc=SL5624171-113959Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 815 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6935481&loc=d3e41620-113959Reference 10: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 815 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 5 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6935481&loc=d3e41641-113959Reference 11: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 815 -SubTopic 30 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6887037&loc=d3e80748-113994Reference 12: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 815 -SubTopic 30 -Section 45 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6441202&loc=d3e80720-113993Reference 13: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 815 -SubTopic 30 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6887037&loc=d3e80784-113994Reference 14: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 815 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6935481&loc=SL5579240-113959Reference 15: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 815 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6935481&loc=d3e41635-113959Reference 16: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 815 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4E -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6935481&loc=SL5624181-113959Reference 17: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 815 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4H -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6935481&loc=SL5624258-113959Reference 18: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 815 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1A -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6935481&loc=SL5579245-113959Reference 19: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 815 -SubTopic 25 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6886632&loc=d3e76258-113986Reference 20: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 133 -Paragraph 45 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 21: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 815 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4K -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6935481&loc=SL5708775-113959Reference 22: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 815 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4D -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6935481&loc=SL5624177-113959
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDisclosureTextBlock


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
nonnum:textBlockItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration













XML
31
R110.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


Share Based Compensation Plans Total Activity (Detail) (USD $)In Millions

12 Months Ended



Jun. 30, 2011


Jun. 30, 2010


Jun. 30, 2009




Stock Awards

 
 
 


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award [Line Items]
 
 
 


Total vest-date fair value of awards vested
$ 1,521
$ 1,358
$ 1,137



Shared Performance Stock Awards

 
 
 


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award [Line Items]
 
 
 


Total vest-date fair value of awards vested
$ 289
$ 227
$ 485





X



- Definition
The total fair value of equity-based awards for which the grantee gained the right during the reporting period, by satisfying service and performance requirements, to receive or retain shares or units, other instruments, or cash in accordance with the terms of the arrangement.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph A240 -Subparagraph c(2) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (d)(2) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodTotalFairValue


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration













XML
32
R111.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


Employee Stock Options Outstanding (Detail) (USD $)In Millions, except Per Share data, unless otherwise specified

12 Months Ended



Jun. 30, 2011

Year

Entity



Shares
 


Balance, beginning of year
187


Exercised
(79)


Canceled
(15)


Balance, end of year
93


Exercisable, end of year
92


Weighted Average Exercise Price
 


Balance, beginning of year
$ 24.68


Exercised
$ 24.91


Canceled
$ 28.84


Balance, end of year
$ 23.21


Exercisable, end of year
$ 23.16


Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term (Years)
 


Balance, end of year
1.04


Exercisable, end of year
1.04


Aggregate Intrinsic Value
 


Balance, end of year
$ 312


Exercisable, end of year
$ 309





X



- Definition
Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Aggregate Intrinsic Value [Abstract]
+ Details


 Name:
msft_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsAggregateIntrinsicValueAbstract


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Weighted Average Exercise Price [Abstract]
+ Details


 Name:
msft_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsWeightedAverageExercisePriceAbstract


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term [Abstract]
+ Details


 Name:
msft_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTermAbstract


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The total dollar difference between fair values of the underlying shares reserved for issuance and exercise prices of vested portions of options outstanding and currently exercisable under the option plan as of the balance sheet date.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableIntrinsicValue1


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
The number of shares into which fully or partially vested stock options outstanding as of the balance sheet date can be currently converted under the option plan.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph A240 -Subparagraph b(1)(c), d(2) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(iii) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableNumber


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:sharesItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
The weighted-average price as of the balance sheet date at which grantees can acquire the shares reserved for issuance on vested portions of options outstanding and currently exercisable under the stock option plan.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph A240 -Subparagraph b(1)(c) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(iii) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
num:perShareItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
The weighted average period between the balance sheet date and expiration for all vested portions of options outstanding and currently exercisable (or convertible) under the plan, which may be expressed in a decimal value for number of years.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:decimalItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The weighted average price at which option holders acquired shares when converting their stock options into shares under the plan during the reporting period.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph A240 -Subparagraph b(1)(e) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(iv)(2) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
num:perShareItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
The decrease in the number of shares that could be issued attributable to the lapse of rights to exercise previously issued stock options under the terms of the option agreements under the plan during the reporting period.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph A240 -Subparagraph b(1)(g) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(iv)(4) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExpirationsInPeriod


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:sharesItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The weighted average price at which grantees could have acquired the underlying shares with respect to stock options of the plan that lapsed during the reporting period.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph A240 -Subparagraph b(1)(g) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(iv)(4) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExpirationsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
num:perShareItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
The total dollar difference between fair values of the underlying shares reserved for issuance and exercise prices pertaining to options outstanding under the plan as of the balance sheet date.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph A240 -Subparagraph d(1) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingIntrinsicValue


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
The number of shares reserved for issuance under stock option agreements awarded under the plan that validly exist and are outstanding as of the balance sheet date, including vested options.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(i)-(ii) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph A240 -Subparagraph b(1)(a) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph A240 -Subparagraph b(1)(b) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:sharesItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
A roll forward is a reconciliation of a concept from the beginning of a period to the end of a period.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingRollForward


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The weighted average price as of the beginning of the year at which grantees can acquire the shares reserved for issuance under the stock option plan.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph A240 -Subparagraph b(1)(a) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(i) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
num:perShareItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
The weighted average period between the balance sheet date and expiration for all awards outstanding under the plan, which may be expressed in a decimal value for number of years.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (e)(1) -SubTopic 10 -Topic 718 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:decimalItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
Number of share options (or share units) exercised during the current period.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21463-112644Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28,29) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(iv)(2) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29, 30 -Article 5Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6959260&loc=d3e187085-122770
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:sharesItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration













XML
33
R112.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


Stock Option Exercise Activity (Detail) (USD $)In Millions

12 Months Ended



Jun. 30, 2011


Jun. 30, 2010


Jun. 30, 2009



Schedule of Share based Compensation Arrangements by Share based Payment Award, Performance Options [Line Items]
 
 
 


Total intrinsic value of stock options exercised
$ 222
$ 365
$ 48


Cash received from stock option exercises
1,954
1,839
88


Tax benefit realized from stock option exercises
$ 77
$ 126
$ 12





X



- Definition
Schedule of Share based Compensation Arrangements by Share based Payment Award, Performance Options [Line Items]
+ Details


 Name:
msft_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardPerformanceOptionsLineItems


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Aggregate proceeds received by the entity during the annual period from exercises of stock or unit options and conversion of similar instruments granted under equity-based payment arrangements.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph A240 -Subparagraph i -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (j) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationCashReceivedFromExerciseOfStockOptions


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Disclosure of the aggregate tax benefit realized from the exercise of stock options and the conversion of similar instruments during the annual period.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph A240 -Subparagraph i -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (j) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationTaxBenefitRealizedFromExerciseOfStockOptions


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The total accumulated difference between fair values of underlying shares on dates of exercise and exercise price on options which were exercised (or share units converted) into shares during the reporting period under the plan.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph A240 -Subparagraph c(2) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (d)(2) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodTotalIntrinsicValue


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
duration













XML
34
R113.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


Employee Purchased Shares (Detail) (USD $)In Millions, except Per Share data

12 Months Ended



Jun. 30, 2011


Jun. 30, 2010


Jun. 30, 2009



Employee Stock Purchase Plan [Line Items]
 
 
 


Shares purchased
20
20
24


Average price per share
$ 22.98
$ 23.73
$ 20.13





X



- Definition
Employee Stock Purchase Plan [Line Items]
+ Details


 Name:
msft_EmployeeStockPurchasePlanLineItems


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The average price per share of stock purchased by employees under the Employee Stock Purchase Plan during the period.
+ Details


 Name:
msft_StockIssuedEmployeeStockPurchasePlanAveragePricePerShare


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
num:perShareItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Number of shares issued during the period as a result of an employee stock purchase plan.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29, 30 -Article 5Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6959260&loc=d3e187085-122770Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB) -Number 12 -Paragraph 10 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21463-112644Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 129 -Paragraph 5 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesEmployeeStockPurchasePlans


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:sharesItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration













XML
35
R114.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


Segment Information and Geographic Data - Additional Information (Detail)

12 Months Ended



Jun. 30, 2011


Jun. 30, 2010


Jun. 30, 2009



Segment Reporting Disclosure [Line Items]
 
 
 


Number of reportable segments
5
5
5


Sales to an individual customer
No sales to an individual customer accounted for more than 10%
No sales to an individual customer accounted for more than 10%
No sales to an individual customer accounted for more than 10%





X



- Definition
The number of reportable business segments.
+ Details


 Name:
msft_NumberOfReportableBusinessSegments


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
xbrli:integerItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
Segment Reporting Disclosure [Line Items]
+ Details


 Name:
msft_SegmentReportingDisclosureLineItems


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Description of risks that arise due to the volume of business transacted with a particular customer. At a minimum, the description informs financial statement users of the general nature of the risk, but excludes "Information about Major Customers" that may be disclosed elsewhere (for instance, segment disclosures).
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 275 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 18 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6927468&loc=d3e6351-108592Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Statement of Position (SOP) -Number 94-6 -Paragraph 22, 24 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 275 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 16 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6927468&loc=d3e6327-108592Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 275 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 20 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6927468&loc=d3e6404-108592
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskCustomer


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration













XML
36
R115.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


Segment Revenue and Operating Income (Loss) (Detail) (USD $)In Millions

3 Months Ended
12 Months Ended



Jun. 30, 2011


Mar. 31, 2011


Dec. 31, 2010


Sep. 30, 2010


Jun. 30, 2010


Mar. 31, 2010


Dec. 31, 2009


Sep. 30, 2009


Jun. 30, 2011


Jun. 30, 2010


Jun. 30, 2009



Segment Reporting Information [Line Items]
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 
 
 


Revenue
$ 17,367
$ 16,428
$ 19,953
$ 16,195
$ 16,039
$ 14,503
$ 19,022
[1]
$ 12,920
[2]
$ 69,943
$ 62,484
$ 58,437


Operating income (loss)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

27,161
24,098
20,363



Windows & Windows Live Division

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 
 
 


Segment Reporting Information [Line Items]
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 
 
 


Revenue
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

18,778
18,792
15,563


Operating income (loss)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

11,968
12,253
9,372



Server and Tools

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 
 
 


Segment Reporting Information [Line Items]
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 
 
 


Revenue
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

17,107
15,390
14,686


Operating income (loss)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

6,453
5,320
4,627



Online Services Division

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 
 
 


Segment Reporting Information [Line Items]
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 
 
 


Revenue
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

2,528
2,200
2,110


Operating income (loss)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

(2,638)
(2,410)
(1,749)



Microsoft Business Division

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 
 
 


Segment Reporting Information [Line Items]
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 
 
 


Revenue
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

21,986
19,345
19,211


Operating income (loss)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

13,827
11,642
11,153



Entertainment and Devices Division

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 
 
 


Segment Reporting Information [Line Items]
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 
 
 


Revenue
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

8,716
6,224
6,416


Operating income (loss)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

1,135
573
288



Unallocated and other

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 
 
 


Segment Reporting Information [Line Items]
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 
 
 


Revenue
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

828
533
451



Reconciling amounts

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 
 
 


Segment Reporting Information [Line Items]
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 
 
 


Operating income (loss)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

$ (3,584)
$ (3,280)
$ (3,328)








[1]
Reflects $1.7 billion of revenue recognized for sales of Windows Vista with a guarantee to be upgraded to Windows 7 at minimal or no cost and of Windows 7 to original equipment manufacturers and retailers before general availability (the "Windows 7 Deferral").


[2]
Reflects $1.5 billion of revenue deferred to future periods relating to the Windows 7 Deferral.








X



- Definition
The net result for the period of deducting operating expenses from operating revenues.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Total revenue from sale of goods and services rendered during the reporting period, in the normal course of business, reduced by sales returns and allowances, and sales discounts.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 5 -Section 03 -Paragraph 1Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6880815&loc=d3e20235-122688
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration













XML
37
R116.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


Significant Reconciling Items (Detail) (USD $)In Millions

12 Months Ended



Jun. 30, 2011


Jun. 30, 2010


Jun. 30, 2009



Segment Reporting, Reconciling Item for Operating Profit (Loss) from Segment to Consolidated [Line Items]
 

 

 



Operating income (loss)
$ 27,161

$ 24,098

$ 20,363




Reconciling amounts

 

 

 



Segment Reporting, Reconciling Item for Operating Profit (Loss) from Segment to Consolidated [Line Items]
 

 

 



Operating income (loss)
(3,584)

(3,280)

(3,328)




Reconciling amounts | Corporate-level activity

 

 

 



Segment Reporting, Reconciling Item for Operating Profit (Loss) from Segment to Consolidated [Line Items]
 

 

 



Operating income (loss)
(4,619)
[1]
(4,260)
[1]
(4,318)
[1]



Reconciling amounts | Stock-based compensation expense

 

 

 



Segment Reporting, Reconciling Item for Operating Profit (Loss) from Segment to Consolidated [Line Items]
 

 

 



Operating income (loss)
544

556

753




Reconciling amounts | Revenue reconciling amounts

 

 

 



Segment Reporting, Reconciling Item for Operating Profit (Loss) from Segment to Consolidated [Line Items]
 

 

 



Operating income (loss)
632

366

256




Reconciling amounts | Other

 

 

 



Segment Reporting, Reconciling Item for Operating Profit (Loss) from Segment to Consolidated [Line Items]
 

 

 



Operating income (loss)
$ (141)

$ 58

$ (19)









[1]
Corporate-level activity excludes stock-based compensation expense and revenue reconciling amounts presented separately in those line items.








X



- Definition
The net result for the period of deducting operating expenses from operating revenues.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_SegmentReportingReconcilingItemForOperatingProfitLossFromSegmentToConsolidatedLineItems


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration













XML
38
R117.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


Revenue Classified by Major Geographic Areas (Detail) (USD $)In Millions

3 Months Ended
12 Months Ended



Jun. 30, 2011


Mar. 31, 2011


Dec. 31, 2010


Sep. 30, 2010


Jun. 30, 2010


Mar. 31, 2010


Dec. 31, 2009


Sep. 30, 2009


Jun. 30, 2011


Jun. 30, 2010


Jun. 30, 2009



Segment Reporting, Revenue Reconciling Item [Line Items]
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 

 



United States
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

$ 38,008
[1]
$ 36,173
[1]
$ 33,052
[1]


Other countries
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

31,935

26,311

25,385



Total
$ 17,367
$ 16,428
$ 19,953
$ 16,195
$ 16,039
$ 14,503
$ 19,022
[2]
$ 12,920
[3]
$ 69,943

$ 62,484

$ 58,437









[1]
Includes shipments to customers in the U.S. and licensing to certain OEMs and multinational organizations.


[2]
Reflects $1.7 billion of revenue recognized for sales of Windows Vista with a guarantee to be upgraded to Windows 7 at minimal or no cost and of Windows 7 to original equipment manufacturers and retailers before general availability (the "Windows 7 Deferral").


[3]
Reflects $1.5 billion of revenue deferred to future periods relating to the Windows 7 Deferral.








X



- Definition
Revenues from external customers attributed to the entity's country of domicile.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 131 -Paragraph 38 -Subparagraph a(1) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 280 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 41 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6534315&loc=d3e9038-108599
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_EntityWideDisclosureOnGeographicAreasRevenueFromExternalCustomersAttributedToEntitysCountryOfDomicile


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Revenues from external customers attributed to all foreign countries in total from which the entity derives revenues.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 131 -Paragraph 38 -Subparagraph a(2) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 280 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 41 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6534315&loc=d3e9038-108599
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_EntityWideDisclosureOnGeographicAreasRevenueFromExternalCustomersAttributedToForeignCountries


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Total revenue from sale of goods and services rendered during the reporting period, in the normal course of business, reduced by sales returns and allowances, and sales discounts.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 5 -Section 03 -Paragraph 1Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6880815&loc=d3e20235-122688
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_SegmentReportingRevenueReconcilingItemLineItems


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration













XML
39
R118.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


Revenue Classified By Significant Product And Service Offerings (Detail) (USD $)In Millions

3 Months Ended
12 Months Ended



Jun. 30, 2011


Mar. 31, 2011


Dec. 31, 2010


Sep. 30, 2010


Jun. 30, 2010


Mar. 31, 2010


Dec. 31, 2009


Sep. 30, 2009


Jun. 30, 2011


Jun. 30, 2010


Jun. 30, 2009



Revenue from External Customer [Line Items]
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 
 
 


Revenue
$ 17,367
$ 16,428
$ 19,953
$ 16,195
$ 16,039
$ 14,503
$ 19,022
[1]
$ 12,920
[2]
$ 69,943
$ 62,484
$ 58,437



Microsoft Office system

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 
 
 


Revenue from External Customer [Line Items]
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 
 
 


Revenue
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

20,730
17,754
17,998



Windows PC operating systems

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 
 
 


Revenue from External Customer [Line Items]
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 
 
 


Revenue
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

17,825
18,225
14,653



Server products and tools

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 
 
 


Revenue from External Customer [Line Items]
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 
 
 


Revenue
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

13,251
12,007
11,344



Xbox 360 platform

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 
 
 


Revenue from External Customer [Line Items]
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 
 
 


Revenue
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

8,103
5,456
5,475



Consulting and product support services

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 
 
 


Revenue from External Customer [Line Items]
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 
 
 


Revenue
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

3,372
3,036
3,024



Advertising

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 
 
 


Revenue from External Customer [Line Items]
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 
 
 


Revenue
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

2,913
2,528
2,345



Other products and services

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 
 
 


Revenue from External Customer [Line Items]
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 
 
 


Revenue
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

$ 3,749
$ 3,478
$ 3,598








[1]
Reflects $1.7 billion of revenue recognized for sales of Windows Vista with a guarantee to be upgraded to Windows 7 at minimal or no cost and of Windows 7 to original equipment manufacturers and retailers before general availability (the "Windows 7 Deferral").


[2]
Reflects $1.5 billion of revenue deferred to future periods relating to the Windows 7 Deferral.








X



- Definition
Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_EntityWideInformationRevenueFromExternalCustomerLineItems


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Total revenue from sale of goods and services rendered during the reporting period, in the normal course of business, reduced by sales returns and allowances, and sales discounts.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 5 -Section 03 -Paragraph 1Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6880815&loc=d3e20235-122688
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
duration













XML
40
R119.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


Long-Lived Assets, Excluding Financial Instruments and Deferred Taxes, Classified by the Location of the Controlling Statutory Company (Detail) (USD $)In Millions


Jun. 30, 2011


Jun. 30, 2010


Jun. 30, 2009



Certain Long-Lived Assets by Geography [Line Items]
 
 
 


United States
$ 18,498
$ 18,716
$ 19,362


Other countries
2,989
2,466
2,435


Total
$ 21,487
$ 21,182
$ 21,797





X



- Definition
Certain Long-Lived Assets by Geography [Line Items]
+ Details


 Name:
msft_CertainLongLivedAssetsByGeographyLineItems


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Amount of long-lived assets other than financial instruments, long-term customer relationships of a financial institution, mortgage and other servicing rights, deferred policy acquisition costs, and deferred tax assets, located worldwide.
+ Details


 Name:
msft_EntityWideDisclosureOnGeographicAreasLongLivedAssetsTotal


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
Amount of long-lived assets other than financial instruments, long-term customer relationships of a financial institution, mortgage and other servicing rights, deferred policy acquisition costs, and deferred tax assets, located in the entity's country of domicile.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 131 -Paragraph 38 -Subparagraph b(1) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 280 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 41 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6534315&loc=d3e9038-108599
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_EntityWideDisclosureOnGeographicAreasLongLivedAssetsInEntitysCountryOfDomicile


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
Amount of long-lived assets other than financial instruments, long-term customer relationships of a financial institution, mortgage and other servicing rights, deferred policy acquisition costs, and deferred tax assets, located in foreign countries in total in which the entity holds assets.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 131 -Paragraph 38 -Subparagraph b(2) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 280 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 41 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6534315&loc=d3e9038-108599
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_EntityWideDisclosureOnGeographicAreasLongLivedAssetsInForeignCountries


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
instant













XML
41
R12.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS

12 Months Ended



Jun. 30, 2011



FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS


NOTE 6 — FAIR
VALUE MEASUREMENTS
Assets and Liabilities Measured at
Fair Value on a Recurring Basis

The following tables
present the fair value of our financial instruments that are
measured at fair value on a recurring basis:

 






























(In millions)
  
Level 1
 
 
Level 2
 
 
Level 3
 
 


Gross

Fair

Value

 
 
Netting (a)
 
 
Net Fair
Value
 


















June 30, 2011
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 











Assets
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 












Mutual funds

  
$
1,752
    
 
$
0
    
 
$
0
    
 
$
1,752
    
 
$
0
  
 
$
1,752
    



Commercial paper

  
 
0
  
 
 
639
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
639
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
639
  



Certificates of deposit

  
 
0
  
 
 
598
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
598
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
598
  



U.S. government and agency
securities

  
 
23,591
  
 
 
10,175
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
33,766
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
33,766
  



Foreign government bonds

  
 
303
  
 
 
367
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
670
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
670
  



Mortgage-backed securities

  
 
0
  
 
 
2,428
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
2,428
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
2,428
  



Corporate notes and bonds

  
 
0
  
 
 
10,600
  
 
 
58
  
 
 
10,658
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
10,658
  



Municipal securities

  
 
0
  
 
 
454
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
454
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
454
  



Common and preferred stock

  
 
9,821
  
 
 
55
  
 
 
5
  
 
 
9,881
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
9,881
  



Derivatives

  
 
8
  
 
 
388
  
 
 
20
  
 
 
416
  
 
 
(204
) 
 
 
212
  






 






 






 






 






 









Total

  
$
  35,475
  
 
$
  25,704
  
 
$
  83
  
 
$
  61,262
  
 
$
  (204
) 
 
$
  61,058
  


 
  






 






 






 






 






 

















Liabilities
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 












Derivatives and other

  
$
109
  
 
$
257
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
366
  
 
$
(203
) 
 
$
163
  

















(In millions)
  
Level 1
 
 
Level 2
 
 
Level 3
 
 


Gross

Fair

Value

 
 
Netting (a)
 
 
Net Fair
Value
 

















June 30, 2010
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 











Assets
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 












Mutual funds

  
$
1,120
    
 
$
0
    
 
$
0
    
 
$
1,120
    
 
$
0
  
 
$
1,120
    



Commercial paper

  
 
0
  
 
 
172
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
172
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
172
  



Certificates of deposit

  
 
0
  
 
 
348
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
348
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
348
  



U.S. government and agency
securities

  
 
16,473
  
 
 
4,756
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
21,229
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
21,229
  



Foreign government bonds

  
 
239
  
 
 
294
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
533
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
533
  



Mortgage-backed securities

  
 
0
  
 
 
3,264
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
3,264
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
3,264
  



Corporate notes and bonds

  
 
0
  
 
 
7,460
  
 
 
167
  
 
 
7,627
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
7,627
  



Municipal securities

  
 
0
  
 
 
747
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
747
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
747
  



Common and preferred stock

  
 
6,988
  
 
 
43
  
 
 
5
  
 
 
7,036
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
7,036
  



Derivatives

  
 
22
  
 
 
745
  
 
 
9
  
 
 
776
  
 
 
(207
) 
 
 
569
  






 






 






 






 






 









Total

  
$
  24,842
  
 
$
  17,829
  
 
$
  181
  
 
$
  42,852
  
 
$
  (207
) 
 
$
  42,645
  


 
  






 






 






 






 






 

















Liabilities
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 












Derivatives and other

  
$
85
  
 
$
137
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
222
  
 
$
(205
) 
 
$
17
  




 


(a)

These amounts represent the impact of netting derivative
assets and derivative liabilities when a legally enforceable master
netting agreement exists and fair value adjustments related to our
own credit risk and counterparty credit risk.




 

The table below
reconciles the total Net Fair Value of assets above to the balance
sheet presentation of these same assets in Note 4 –
Investments for June 30, 2011 and 2010.

 














(In millions)
  
 
 
 
 
 














June 30,
  
2011
 
 
2010
 








Net fair value of assets measured at
fair value on a recurring basis

  
$
  61,058
  
 
$
  42,645
  



Cash

  
 
1,648
  
 
 
1,661
  



Common and preferred stock measured
at fair value on a nonrecurring basis

  
 
334
  
 
 
216
  



Other investments measured at fair
value on a nonrecurring basis

  
 
650
  
 
 
502
  



Less derivative assets classified as
other current assets

  
 
(54
) 
 
 
(544
) 



Other

  
 
1
  
 
 
62
  






 









Recorded basis of investment
components

  
$
63,637
  
 
$
44,542
  


 
  






 








Changes in Financial Instruments
Measured at Level 3 Fair Value on a Recurring Basis

The following tables
present the changes during the fiscal years 2011 and 2010 in our
Level 3 financial instruments that are measured at fair value on a
recurring basis. The majority of these instruments consist of
investment securities classified as available-for-sale with changes
in fair value included in OCI.

 






















(In millions)
  


Corporate

Notes and

Bonds

 
 


Common

and

Preferred

Stock

 
  


Derivative

Assets

 
  
Total
 
















Year Ended June 30, 2011
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 










Balance, beginning of
period

  
$
  167
  
 
$
  5
  
  
$
    9
  
  
$
  181
  



Total realized and unrealized gains
(losses):

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 



Included in other income
(expense)

  
 
39
  
 
 
0
  
  
 
11
  
  
 
50
  



Included in other comprehensive
income

  
 
(63
) 
 
 
0
  
  
 
0
  
  
 
(63
) 



Purchases, issuances and
settlements

  
 
(85
) 
 
 
0
  
  
 
0
  
  
 
(85
) 






 






  






  









Balance, end of period

  
$
58
  
 
$
5
  
  
$
20
  
  
$
83
  


 
  






 






  






  









Change in unrealized gains (losses)
included in other income (expense) related to assets held as of
June 30, 2011

  
$
6
  
 
$
0
  
  
$
11
  
  
$
17
  















(In millions)
  
Corporate
Notes and
Bonds
 
 
Common
and
Preferred
Stock
 
  
Derivative
Assets
 
  
Total
 















Year Ended June 30, 2010
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 










Balance, beginning of
period

  
$
  253
  
 
$
  5
  
  
$
    5
  
  
$
  263
  



Total realized and unrealized gains
(losses):

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 



Included in other income
(expense)

  
 
6
  
 
 
0
  
  
 
4
  
  
 
10
  



Included in other comprehensive
income

  
 
(92
) 
 
 
0
  
  
 
0
  
  
 
(92
) 






 






  






  









Balance, end of period

  
$
167
  
 
$
5
  
  
$
9
  
  
$
181
  


 
  






 






  






  









Change in unrealized gains (losses)
included in other income (expense) related to assets held as of
June 30, 2010

  
$
6
  
 
$
0
  
  
$
4
  
  
$
10
  



Assets and Liabilities Measured at
Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis

During fiscal years 2011
and 2010, impairment charges of $2 million and $5 million,
respectively, were recognized for certain investments measured at
fair value on a nonrecurring basis, as the decline in their
respective fair values below their cost was determined to be other
than temporary in all instances. At June 30, 2011 and 2010, we
held no common and preferred stocks that were required to be
measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis.






X



- Definition
The entire disclosure for the fair value of financial instruments (as defined), including financial assets and financial liabilities (collectively, as defined), and the measurements of those instruments as well as disclosures related to the fair value of non-financial assets and liabilities. Such disclosures about the financial instruments, assets, and liabilities would include: (1) the fair value of the required items together with their carrying amounts (as appropriate); (2) for items for which it is not practicable to estimate fair value, disclosure would include: (a) information pertinent to estimating fair value (including, carrying amount, effective interest rate, and maturity, and (b) the reasons why it is not practicable to estimate fair value; (3) significant concentrations of credit risk including: (a) information about the activity, region, or economic characteristics identifying a concentration, (b) the maximum amount of loss the entity is exposed to based on the gross fair value of the related item, (c) policy for requiring collateral or other security and information as to accessing such collateral or security, and (d) the nature and brief description of such collateral or security; (4) quantitative information about market risks and how such risks are managed; (5) for items measured on both a recurring and nonrecurring basis information regarding the inputs used to develop the fair value measurement; and (6) for items presented in the financial statement for which fair value measurement is elected: (a) information necessary to understand the reasons for the election, (b) discussion of the effect of fair value changes on earnings, (c) a description of [similar groups] items for which the election is made and the relation thereof to the balance sheet, the aggregate carrying value of items included in the balance sheet that are not eligible for the election; (7) all other required (as defined) and desired information.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 820 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 5 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6925170&loc=d3e19296-110258Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 159 -Paragraph 17-22, 27, 28 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 825 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 10 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6947722&loc=d3e13433-108611Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 107 -Paragraph 15C, 15D -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 825 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 28 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6957238&loc=d3e14064-108612Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 825 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 16 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6947722&loc=d3e13504-108611Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 107 -Paragraph 15A -Subparagraph a-d -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 825 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 21 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6947722&loc=d3e13537-108611Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 133 -Paragraph 44A, 44B -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 10: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 820 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6925170&loc=d3e19207-110258Reference 11: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 825 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 30 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6957238&loc=d3e14172-108612Reference 12: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 107 -Paragraph 3, 10, 14, 15 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 13: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 107 -Paragraph 15B -Subparagraph a, b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 14: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 157 -Paragraph 32, 33, 34 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_FairValueDisclosuresTextBlock


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
nonnum:textBlockItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration













XML
42
R120.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


Quarterly Information (Unaudited) (Detail) (USD $)In Millions, except Per Share data

3 Months Ended
12 Months Ended



Jun. 30, 2011


Mar. 31, 2011


Dec. 31, 2010


Sep. 30, 2010


Jun. 30, 2010


Mar. 31, 2010


Dec. 31, 2009


Sep. 30, 2009


Jun. 30, 2011


Jun. 30, 2010


Jun. 30, 2009



Quarterly Financial Information [Line Items]
 

 

 
 
 
 
 

 

 
 
 


Revenue
$ 17,367

$ 16,428

$ 19,953
$ 16,195
$ 16,039
$ 14,503
$ 19,022
[1]
$ 12,920
[2]
$ 69,943
$ 62,484
$ 58,437


Gross profit
13,659

12,531

15,120
13,056
12,869
11,748
15,394

10,078

54,366
50,089
 


Net income
$ 5,874
[3]
$ 5,232
[4]
$ 6,634
$ 5,410
$ 4,518
$ 4,006
$ 6,662

$ 3,574

$ 23,150
$ 18,760
$ 14,569


Basic (A/B)
$ 0.70

$ 0.62

$ 0.78
$ 0.63
$ 0.52
$ 0.46
$ 0.75

$ 0.40

$ 2.73
$ 2.13
$ 1.63


Diluted (A/C)
$ 0.69

$ 0.61

$ 0.77
$ 0.62
$ 0.51
$ 0.45
$ 0.74

$ 0.40

$ 2.69
$ 2.10
$ 1.62








[1]
Reflects $1.7 billion of revenue recognized for sales of Windows Vista with a guarantee to be upgraded to Windows 7 at minimal or no cost and of Windows 7 to original equipment manufacturers and retailers before general availability (the "Windows 7 Deferral").


[2]
Reflects $1.5 billion of revenue deferred to future periods relating to the Windows 7 Deferral.


[3]
Reflects an effective tax rate of 7% due mainly to the adjustment of our previously estimated effective tax rate for the year to reflect the actual full year mix of foreign and U.S. taxable income. In addition, upon completion of our annual domestic and foreign tax returns, we adjusted the estimated tax provision to reflect the tax returns filed and recorded an income tax benefit which lowered our effective tax rate.


[4]
Includes a partial settlement of an I.R.S. audit of tax years 2004 to 2006, which increased net income by $461 million.








X



- Definition
Quarterly Financial Information [Line Items]
+ Details


 Name:
msft_QuarterlyFinancialInformationLineItems


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The amount of net income (loss) for the period per each share of common stock or unit outstanding during the reporting period.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 55 -Paragraph 52 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6945512&loc=d3e4984-109258Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) -Number 07-4 -Paragraph 4 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 5 -Section 03 -Paragraph 20Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.19) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879464&loc=d3e573970-122913Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 7 -Paragraph 18Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 942 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-04.23) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879574&loc=d3e536633-122882Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 128 -Paragraph 36, 37, 38 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.21) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6880815&loc=d3e20235-122688Reference 10: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Paragraph 21 -Article 9Reference 11: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920599&loc=d3e1252-109256
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
num:perShareItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The amount of net income (loss) for the period available to each share of common stock or common unit outstanding during the reporting period and to each share or unit that would have been outstanding assuming the issuance of common shares or units for all dilutive potential common shares or units outstanding during the reporting period.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 128 -Paragraph 11, 12, 36 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.21) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6880815&loc=d3e20235-122688Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 5 -Section 03 -Paragraph 20Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920599&loc=d3e1252-109256Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 7 -Paragraph 18Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Paragraph 21 -Article 9Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) -Number 07-4 -Paragraph 4 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
num:perShareItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Aggregate revenue less cost of goods and services sold or operating expenses directly attributable to the revenue generation activity.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1,2) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6880815&loc=d3e20235-122688
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_GrossProfit


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The portion of profit or loss for the period, net of income taxes, which is attributable to the parent.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.22) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879464&loc=d3e573970-122913Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6943989&loc=d3e3602-108585Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.18) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6880815&loc=d3e20235-122688Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph 38 -Subparagraph a -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 220 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 6 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920043&loc=d3e565-108580Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph A7 -Appendix AReference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 130 -Paragraph 10, 15 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Other Comprehensive Income -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6519514Reference 10: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph 38 -Subparagraph d -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 11: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) -Number 87-21 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 12: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Net Income -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6518256Reference 13: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.19) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879464&loc=d3e573970-122913Reference 14: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 5 -Section 03 -Paragraph 19Reference 15: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 28, 29, 30 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 16: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Paragraph 20 -Article 9
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Total revenue from sale of goods and services rendered during the reporting period, in the normal course of business, reduced by sales returns and allowances, and sales discounts.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 5 -Section 03 -Paragraph 1Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6880815&loc=d3e20235-122688
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
duration













XML
43
R121.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


Quarterly Information (Unaudited) (Parenthetical) (Detail) (USD $)

3 Months Ended
12 Months Ended
3 Months Ended



Jun. 30, 2011


Jun. 30, 2011


Jun. 30, 2010


Jun. 30, 2009


Dec. 31, 2009

Upgrade Option And Guarantee Programs And Pre-shipments


Sep. 30, 2009

Upgrade Option And Guarantee Programs And Pre-shipments


Mar. 31, 2011

Internal Revenue Service (IRS)



Quarterly Financial Information [Line Items]
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


Partial settlement of an I.R.S. audit of tax years 2004 to 2006, increased net income
 
 
 
 
 
 
$ 461,000,000


Effective tax rate
7.00%
17.50%
25.00%
26.50%
 
 
 


Recognition of unearned revenue
 
 
 
 
1,700,000,000
 
 


Deferral of unearned revenue
 
$ 31,227,000,000
$ 29,374,000,000
$ 24,409,000,000
 
$ 1,500,000,000
 





X



- Definition
Quarterly Financial Information [Line Items]
+ Details


 Name:
msft_QuarterlyFinancialInformationLineItems


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Amount of previously reported deferred or unearned revenue that was recognized as revenue during the period. Deferred revenue is a liability related to a revenue producing activity for which revenue has not yet been recognized. Generally, an entity records deferred revenue when it receives consideration from a customer before achieving certain criteria that must be met for revenue to be recognized in conformity with GAAP.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 13 -Section AReference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 605 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 13.A.4(a).Q1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6600647&loc=d3e214044-122780
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_DeferredRevenueRevenueRecognized


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
A ratio calculated by dividing the reported amount of income tax expense attributable to continuing operations for the period by GAAP-basis pretax income from continuing operations.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 12 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32687-109319Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(h)(2)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6881521&loc=d3e23780-122690Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 47 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Paragraph h -Subparagraph 2 -Article 4Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 13 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32698-109319
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
num:percentItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The increase (decrease) during the reporting period, excluding the portion taken into income, in the liability reflecting revenue yet to be earned for which cash or other forms of consideration was received or recorded as a receivable.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 28 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6943989&loc=d3e3602-108585
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInDeferredRevenue


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Reflects the effects of adjustments of previously recorded tax expense, significant settlements of income tax disputes, and unusual tax positions or infrequent actions taken by the entity, including tax assessment reversal, IRS tax settlement and unusual repatriation of foreign earnings.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name FASB Interpretation (FIN) -Number 48 -Paragraph 10 -Subparagraph b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name FASB Interpretation (FIN) -Number 48 -Paragraph 10A, 10B, 10C -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 15 -Subparagraph (a)(3) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32718-109319
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_TaxAdjustmentsSettlementsAndUnusualProvisions


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
duration













XML
44
R13.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


INVENTORIES

12 Months Ended



Jun. 30, 2011



INVENTORIES


NOTE 7 —
INVENTORIES

The components of
inventories were as follows:

 














(In millions)
 














June 30,
  
2011
 
 
2010
 








Raw materials

  
$
232
  
 
$
  172
  



Work in process

  
 
56
  
 
 
16
  



Finished goods

  
 
1,084
  
 
 
552
  






 









Total

  
$
  1,372
  
 
$
740
  


 
  






 













X



- Definition
The entire disclosure for inventory. This may include, but is not limited to, the basis of stating inventory, the method of determining inventory cost, the major classes of inventory, and the nature of the cost elements included in inventory. If inventory is stated above cost, accrued net losses on firm purchase commitments for inventory and losses resulting from valuing inventory at the lower-of-cost-or-market may also be included. For LIFO inventory, may disclose the amount and basis for determining the excess of replacement or current cost over stated LIFO value and the effects of a LIFO quantities liquidation that impacts net income.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.6) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 43 -Chapter 3 -Section A -Paragraph 9 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 6 -Subparagraph a, b, c -Article 5Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6361739&loc=d3e7789-107766
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureTextBlock


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
nonnum:textBlockItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration













XML
45
R14.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT

12 Months Ended



Jun. 30, 2011



PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT


NOTE 8 —
PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT

The components of
property and equipment were as follows:

 














(In millions)
 














June 30,
  
2011
 
 
2010
 








Land

  
$
533
  
 
$
526
  



Buildings and improvements

  
 
6,521
  
 
 
6,087
  



Leasehold improvements

  
 
2,345
  
 
 
2,100
  



Computer equipment and
software

  
 
6,601
  
 
 
5,673
  



Furniture and equipment

  
 
1,991
  
 
 
1,873
  






 









Total, at cost

  
 
  17,991
  
 
 
  16,259
  



Accumulated depreciation

  
 
(9,829
) 
 
 
(8,629
) 






 









Total, net

  
$
8,162
  
 
$
7,630
  


 
  






 









During fiscal years 2011,
2010, and 2009, depreciation expense was $2.0 billion, $1.8
billion, and $1.7 billion, respectively.






X



- Definition
The entire disclosure for long-lived, physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include land, buildings, machinery and equipment, and other types of furniture and equipment including, but not limited to, office equipment, furniture and fixtures, and computer equipment and software. This disclosure may include property plant and equipment accounting policies and methodology, a schedule of property, plant and equipment gross, additions, deletions, transfers and other changes, depreciation, depletion and amortization expense, net, accumulated depreciation, depletion and amortization expense and useful lives, income statement disclosures, assets held for sale and public utility disclosures.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 205 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6360339&loc=d3e1361-107760Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.13-14) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB) -Number 12 -Paragraph 5 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 360 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391035&loc=d3e2868-110229Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 360 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391110&loc=d3e2921-110230
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
nonnum:textBlockItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration













XML
46
R15.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


BUSINESS COMBINATIONS

12 Months Ended



Jun. 30, 2011



BUSINESS COMBINATIONS


NOTE 9 —
BUSINESS COMBINATIONS

During fiscal year 2011,
we acquired three entities for total consideration of $75 million,
substantially all of which was paid in cash. During fiscal year
2010, we acquired five entities for total consideration of $267
million, substantially all of which was paid in cash. During fiscal
year 2010, we also sold three entities for total consideration of
$600 million, including Razorfish in the second quarter of fiscal
year 2010. During fiscal year 2009, we acquired nine entities for
total consideration of $925 million, substantially all of which was
paid in cash. These entities have been included in or removed from
our consolidated results of operations since their acquisition or
sale dates, respectively. Pro forma results of operations have not
been presented because the effects of these business combinations,
individually and in the aggregate, were not material to our
consolidated results of operations.
Definitive Agreement with
Skype

On May 10, 2011, we
announced that we had entered into a definitive agreement with
Skype Global S.à.r.l. (“Skype”) under which we
would acquire Skype, a leading internet communications company, for
$8.5 billion in cash. The acquisition will extend Skype’s
brand and reach of its network platform, while enhancing our
existing portfolio of real-time communications products and
services. The acquisition is subject to regulatory approvals and
other customary closing conditions. We obtained regulatory approval
in the U.S. and expect to obtain all remaining required regulatory
approvals during calendar year 2011.






X



- Definition
Description of a business combination (or series of individually immaterial business combinations) and/or sales of a business or segment completed during the period.
+ Details


 Name:
msft_AquisitionsAndDispositionsTextBlock


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
nonnum:textBlockItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration













XML
47
R16.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


GOODWILL

12 Months Ended



Jun. 30, 2011



GOODWILL


NOTE 10 —
GOODWILL

Changes in the carrying
amount of goodwill for fiscal years 2011 and 2010 by segment were
as follows:

 


































 
  


Balance as

of June 30,

2009

 
 
Acquisitions
 
 


Purchase

Accounting

Adjustments

and
Other

 
 


Balance as

of June 30,

2010

 
 
Acquisitions
 
 


Purchase

Accounting

Adjustments

and
Other

 
 


Balance as

of June 30,

2011

 



















(In millions)
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 













Windows & Windows Live
Division

  
$
77
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
77
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
12
  
 
$
89
  



Server and Tools

  
 
1,038
  
 
 
82
  
 
 
(2
) 
 
 
1,118
  
 
 
13
  
 
 
8
  
 
 
1,139
  



Online Services Division

  
 
6,657
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
(284
) 
 
 
6,373
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
6,373
  



Microsoft Business
Division

  
 
3,927
  
 
 
116
  
 
 
(19
) 
 
 
4,024
  
 
 
4
  
 
 
139
  
 
 
4,167
  



Entertainment and Devices
Division

  
 
804
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
(2
) 
 
 
802
  
 
 
30
  
 
 
(19
) 
 
 
813
  






 






 






 






 






 






 









Total

  
$
  12,503
  
 
$
  198
  
 
$
  (307
) 
 
$
  12,394
  
 
$
  47
  
 
$
  140
  
 
$
  12,581
  


 
  






 






 






 






 






 






 









None of the amounts
recorded as goodwill are expected to be deductible for tax
purposes. The measurement period for purchase price allocations
ends as soon as information on the facts and circumstances becomes
available, but will not exceed 12 months. Adjustments in the
purchase price allocation may require a recasting of the amounts
allocated to goodwill retroactive to the period in which the
acquisition occurred. Any change in the goodwill amounts resulting
from foreign currency translations are presented as
“other” in the above table. Also included within
“other” for fiscal year 2010 is $285 million of
goodwill associated with business dispositions. See also Note 9
– Business Combinations.

We test goodwill for
impairment annually on May 1 at the reporting unit level using
a fair value approach. No impairment of goodwill was identified as
of May 1, 2011.






X



- Definition
The entire disclosure for goodwill.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_GoodwillDisclosureTextBlock


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
nonnum:textBlockItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration













XML
48
R17.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


INTANGIBLE ASSETS

12 Months Ended



Jun. 30, 2011



INTANGIBLE ASSETS


NOTE 11 —
INTANGIBLE ASSETS

The components of
intangible assets, all of which are finite-lived, were as
follows:

 






























(In millions)
  
Gross
Carrying
Amount
 
 
Accumulated
Amortization
 
 
Net Carrying
Amount
 
 
Gross
Carrying
Amount
 
  
Accumulated
Amortization
 
 
Net Carrying
Amount
 


















Year Ended June 30,
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
2011
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
2010
 












Contract-based

  
$
  1,068
  
 
$
(966
) 
 
$
  102
  
 
$
  1,075
  
  
$
(914
) 
 
$
161
  



Technology-based (a)

  
 
2,356
  
 
 
(1,831
) 
 
 
525
  
 
 
2,308
  
  
 
(1,521
) 
 
 
787
  



Marketing-related

  
 
113
  
 
 
(98
) 
 
 
15
  
 
 
114
  
  
 
(86
) 
 
 
28
  



Customer-related

  
 
326
  
 
 
(224
) 
 
 
102
  
 
 
390
  
  
 
(208
) 
 
 
182
  






 






 






 






  






 









Total

  
$
3,863
  
 
$
  (3,119
) 
 
$
744
  
 
$
3,887
  
  
$
  (2,729
) 
 
$
  1,158
  


 
  






 






 






 






  






 









 


(a)

Technology-based intangible assets included $179 million and
$249 million as of June 30, 2011 and 2010, respectively, of
net carrying amount of software to be sold, leased, or otherwise
marketed.




We estimate that we have
no significant residual value related to our intangible assets. No
material impairments of intangible assets were identified during
any of the periods presented.

 

The components of
intangible assets acquired during fiscal years 2011 and 2010 were
as follows:

 






















(In millions)
  
Amount
 
 


Weighted

Average Life

 
 
Amount
 
 


Weighted

Average Life

 
















Year Ended June 30,
  
2011
 
 
 
 
 
2010
 
 
 
 










Contract-based

  
$
0
  
 
 
 
 
 
$
3
  
 
 
2 years
  



Technology-based

  
 
  119
  
 
 
3 years
  
 
 
322
  
 
 
4 years
  



Marketing-related

  
 
1
  
 
 
7 years
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
 
 



Customer-related

  
 
2
  
 
 
4 years
  
 
 
18
  
 
 
5 years
  






 
 
 
 
 






 
 
 
 



Total

  
$
122
  
 
 
3 years
  
 
$
  343
  
 
 
4 years
  


 
  






 
 
 
 
 






 
 
 
 



Intangible assets
amortization expense was $537 million, $707 million, and $591
million for fiscal years 2011, 2010, and 2009, respectively.
Amortization of capitalized software was $114 million, $97 million,
and $65 million for fiscal years 2011, 2010, and 2009,
respectively.

The following table
outlines the estimated future amortization expense related to
intangible assets held at June 30, 2011:

 










(In millions)
  
 
 













Year Ending June 30,
  
 
 







2012

  
$
  390
  



2013

  
 
242
  



2014

  
 
68
  



2015

  
 
27
  



2016

  
 
10
  



2017 and thereafter

  
 
7
  









Total

  
$
744
  


 
  














X



- Definition
The entire disclosure for all or part of the information related to intangible assets.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 350 -SubTopic 30 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6905858&loc=d3e16373-109275Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 142 -Paragraph 44, 45, 46 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 350 -SubTopic 30 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6905858&loc=d3e16323-109275Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 350 -SubTopic 30 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6905858&loc=d3e16265-109275
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsDisclosureTextBlock


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
nonnum:textBlockItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration













XML
49
R18.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


DEBT

12 Months Ended



Jun. 30, 2011



DEBT


NOTE 12 —
DEBT
Short-term Debt

During fiscal year 2011,
we repaid $1.0 billion of commercial paper, leaving zero
outstanding.

On November 5, 2010,
our $1.0 billion 364-day credit facility expired. This facility
served as a back-up for our commercial paper program. No amounts
were drawn against the credit facility during any of the periods
presented.
Long-term Debt

As of June 30, 2011,
the total carrying value and estimated fair value of our long-term
debt, including convertible debt, were $11.9 billion and $12.1
billion, respectively. This is compared to a carrying value and
estimated fair value of $4.9 billion and $5.2 billion,
respectively, as of June 30, 2010. The estimated fair value is
based on quoted prices for our publicly-traded debt as of
June 30, 2011 and 2010, as applicable.

Maturities of long-term
debt for each of the next five years and thereafter are as
follows:

 










(In millions)
  
 
 













Year Ending June 30,
  
 
 







2012

  
$
0
  



2013

  
 
1,250
  



2014

  
 
3,000
  



2015

  
 
0
  



2016

  
 
2,500
  



Thereafter

  
 
5,250
  









Total

  
$
  12,000
  


 
  









 

Cash paid for interest on
our debt for fiscal years 2011 and 2010 was $197 million and $145
million, respectively. No cash was paid for debt interest for
fiscal year 2009.

The components of
long-term debt, the associated interest rates, and the semi-annual
interest record and payment dates were as follows as of
June 30, 2011:

 


































Due Date
  
Face Value
 
 


Stated
Interest

Rate

 
  


Effective
Interest

Rate

 
  


Interest

Record Date

 
 


Interest

Pay Date

 
 


Interest

Record
Date

 
 


Interest

Pay
Date

 



















 
  
(In millions)
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 












Notes
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 













September 27, 2013

  
$
1,000
  
 
 
0.875%
  
  
 
1.000%
  
  
 
March 15
  
 
 
March 27
  
 
 
September 15
  
 
 
September 27
  



June 1, 2014

  
 
2,000
  
 
 
2.950%
  
  
 
3.049%
  
  
 
May 15
  
 
 
June 1
  
 
 
November 15
  
 
 
December 1
  



September 25, 2015

  
 
1,750
  
 
 
1.625%
  
  
 
1.795%
  
  
 
March 15
  
 
 
March 25
  
 
 
September 15
  
 
 
September 25
  



February 8, 2016

  
 
750
  
 
 
2.500%
  
  
 
2.642%
  
  
 
February 1
  
 
 
February 8
  
 
 
August 1
  
 
 
August 8
  



June 1, 2019

  
 
1,000
  
 
 
4.200%
  
  
 
4.379%
  
  
 
May 15
  
 
 
June 1
  
 
 
November 15
  
 
 
December 1
  



October 1, 2020

  
 
1,000
  
 
 
3.000%
  
  
 
3.137%
  
  
 
March 15
  
 
 
April 1
  
 
 
September 15
  
 
 
October 1
  



February 8, 2021

  
 
500
  
 
 
4.000%
  
  
 
4.082%
  
  
 
February 1
  
 
 
February 8
  
 
 
August 1
  
 
 
August 8
  



June 1, 2039

  
 
750
  
 
 
5.200%
  
  
 
5.240%
  
  
 
May 15
  
 
 
June 1
  
 
 
November 15
  
 
 
December 1
  



October 1, 2040

  
 
1,000
  
 
 
4.500%
  
  
 
4.567%
  
  
 
March 15
  
 
 
April 1
  
 
 
September 15
  
 
 
October 1
  



February 8, 2041

  
 
1,000
  
 
 
5.300%
  
  
 
5.361%
  
  
 
February 1
  
 
 
February 8
  
 
 
August 1
  
 
 
August 8
  






 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Total

  
 
10,750
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 












Convertible Debt
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 













June 15, 2013

  
 
1,250
  
 
 
0.000%
  
  
 
1.849%
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Total unamortized discount

  
 
(79
) 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 






 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Total

  
$
  11,921
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
  






 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



The components of
long-term debt, the associated interest rates, and the semi-annual
interest record and payment dates were as follows as of
June 30, 2010:

 


































Due Date
  
Face Value
 
 


Stated
Interest

Rate

 
 


Effective
Interest

Rate

 
 


Interest

Record Date

 
 


Interest

Pay Date

 
 


Interest

Record
Date

 
 


Interest

Pay
Date

 



















 
  
(In millions)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 












Notes
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 













June 1, 2014

  
$
  2,000
  
 
 
2.950%
  
 
 
3.049%
  
 
 
May 15
  
 
 
June 1
  
 
 
November 15
  
 
 
December 1
  



June 1, 2019

  
 
1,000
  
 
 
4.200%
  
 
 
4.379%
  
 
 
May 15
  
 
 
June 1
  
 
 
November 15
  
 
 
December 1
  



June 1, 2039

  
 
750
  
 
 
5.200%
  
 
 
5.240%
  
 
 
May 15
  
 
 
June 1
  
 
 
November 15
  
 
 
December 1
  






 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Total

  
 
3,750
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 












Convertible Debt
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 













June 15, 2013

  
 
1,250
  
 
 
0.000%
  
 
 
1.849%
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Total unamortized discount

  
 
(61
) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 






 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Total

  
$
4,939
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
  






 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


Notes

The Notes are senior
unsecured obligations and rank equally with our other unsecured and
unsubordinated debt outstanding.

 
Convertible debt

In June 2010, we issued
$1.25 billion of zero coupon convertible unsecured debt due on
June 15, 2013 in a private placement offering. Proceeds from
the offering were $1.24 billion, net of fees and expenses, which
were capitalized.

Each $1,000 principal
amount of notes is convertible into 29.94 shares of Microsoft
common stock at a conversion price of $33.40 per share. As of
June 30, 2011, the net carrying amount of our convertible debt
was $1.2 billion and the unamortized discount was $38
million.

Prior to March 15,
2013, the notes will be convertible, only in certain circumstances,
into cash and, if applicable, cash, shares of Microsoft’s
common stock, or a combination thereof, at our election. On or
after March 15, 2013, the notes will be convertible at any
time. Upon conversion, we will pay cash up to the aggregate
principal amount of the notes and pay or deliver cash, shares of
our common stock, or a combination of cash and shares of our common
stock, at our election.

Because the convertible
debt may be wholly or partially settled in cash, we are required to
separately account for the liability and equity components of the
notes in a manner that reflects our nonconvertible debt borrowing
rate when interest costs are recognized in subsequent periods. The
net proceeds of $1.24 billion were allocated between debt for $1.18
billion and stockholders’ equity for $58 million with the
portion in stockholders’ equity representing the fair value
of the option to convert the debt.

In connection with the
issuance of the notes, we entered into capped call transactions
with certain option counterparties who are initial purchasers of
the notes or their affiliates. The capped call transactions are
expected to reduce potential dilution of earnings per share upon
conversion of the notes. Under the capped call transactions, we
purchased from the option counterparties capped call options that
in the aggregate relate to the total number of shares of our common
stock underlying the notes, with a strike price equal to the
conversion price of the notes and with a cap price equal to $37.16.
The purchased capped calls were valued at $40 million and recorded
to stockholders’ equity.






X



- Definition
The entire disclosure for information about short-term and long-term debt arrangements, which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit, note payable, commercial paper issue, bonds indenture, debenture issue, own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds, and about the underlying arrangements, rationale for a classification as long-term, including repayment terms, interest rates, collateral provided, restrictions on use of assets and activities, whether or not in compliance with debt covenants, and other matters important to users of the financial statements, such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19,20,22) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 129 -Paragraph 2, 4 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 19, 20, 22 -Article 5Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21475-112644
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_DebtDisclosureTextBlock


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
nonnum:textBlockItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration













XML
50
R19.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


INCOME TAXES

12 Months Ended



Jun. 30, 2011



INCOME TAXES


NOTE 13 — INCOME
TAXES

The components of the
provision for income taxes were as follows:

 


















(In millions)
 















Year Ended June 30,
  
2011
 
 
2010
 
 
2009
 








Current Taxes
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 









U.S. federal

  
$
  3,108
  
 
$
  4,415
  
 
$
  3,159
  



U.S. state and local

  
 
209
  
 
 
357
  
 
 
192
  



International

  
 
1,602
  
 
 
1,701
  
 
 
1,139
  






 






 









Current taxes

  
 
4,919
  
 
 
6,473
  
 
 
4,490
  








Deferred Taxes
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 









Deferred taxes

  
 
2
  
 
 
(220
) 
 
 
762
  






 






 









Provision for income taxes

  
$
4,921
  
 
$
6,253
  
 
$
5,252
  


 
  






 






 









U.S. and international
components of income before income taxes were as
follows:

 


















(In millions)
 















Year Ended June 30,
  
2011
 
 
2010
 
 
2009
 









U.S.

  
$
8,862
  
 
$
9,575
  
 
$
5,529
  



International

  
 
19,209
  
 
 
15,438
  
 
 
14,292
  






 






 









Income before income taxes

  
$
  28,071
  
 
$
  25,013
  
 
$
  19,821
  


 
  






 






 









 

The items accounting for
the difference between income taxes computed at the U.S. federal
statutory rate and our effective rate were as follows:

 

























Year Ended June 30,
  
2011
 
 
2010
 
 
2009
 










Federal statutory rate

  
 
35.0%
  
 
 
35.0%
  
 
 
35.0%
  



Effect of:

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Foreign earnings taxed at lower
rates

  
 
(15.6)%
  
 
 
(12.1)%
  
 
 
(9.3)%
  



Internal Revenue Service
settlement

  
 
(1.7)%
  
 
 
0%
  
 
 
0%
  



Other reconciling items,
net

  
 
(0.2)%
  
 
 
2.1%
  
 
 
0.8%
  






 






 









Effective rate

  
 
17.5%
  
 
 
25.0%
  
 
 
26.5%
  


 
  






 






 









The reduction from the
federal statutory rate from foreign earnings taxed at lower rates
results from producing and distributing our products and services
through our foreign regional operations centers in Ireland,
Singapore, and Puerto Rico, which are subject to lower income tax
rates. In general, other reconciling items consist of interest,
U.S. state income taxes, domestic production deductions, and
credits. In fiscal years 2011, 2010, and 2009, there were no
individually significant other reconciling items. The I.R.S.
settlement is discussed below.

The components of the
deferred income tax assets and liabilities were as
follows:

 














(In millions)
  
 
 
 
 
 














June 30,
  
2011
 
 
2010
 







Deferred Income Tax Assets
  
 
 
 
 
 








Stock-based compensation
expense

  
$
1,079
  
 
$
1,329
  



Other expense items

  
 
1,411
  
 
 
1,696
  



Unearned revenue

  
 
463
  
 
 
556
  



Impaired investments

  
 
424
  
 
 
289
  



Other revenue items

  
 
69
  
 
 
80
  






 









Deferred income tax assets

  
$
3,446
  
 
$
3,950
  






 













Deferred Income Tax Liabilities
  
 
 
 
 
 








International earnings

  
$
   (1,266
) 
 
$
   (1,056
) 



Unrealized gain on
investments

  
 
(904
) 
 
 
(674
) 



Other

  
 
(265
) 
 
 
(265
) 






 









Deferred income tax
liabilities

  
 
(2,435
) 
 
 
(1,995
) 






 









Net deferred income tax
assets

  
$
1,011
  
 
$
1,955
  


 
  






 













Reported As
  
 
 
 
 
 








Current deferred income tax
assets

  
$
2,467
  
 
$
2,184
  



Long-term deferred income tax
liabilities

  
 
(1,456
) 
 
 
(229
) 






 









Net deferred income tax
assets

  
$
1,011
  
 
$
1,955
  


 
  






 









Deferred income tax
balances reflect the effects of temporary differences between the
carrying amounts of assets and liabilities and their tax bases and
are stated at enacted tax rates expected to be in effect when the
taxes are actually paid or recovered.

We have not provided
deferred U.S. income taxes or foreign withholding taxes on
temporary differences of approximately $44.8 billion resulting from
earnings for certain non-U.S. subsidiaries which are permanently
reinvested outside the U.S. The unrecognized deferred tax liability
associated with these temporary differences is approximately $14.2
billion.

Income taxes paid were
$5.3 billion, $4.1 billion, and $6.6 billion in fiscal years 2011,
2010, and 2009, respectively.

 
Uncertain Tax
Positions

As of June 30, 2011,
we had $6.9 billion of unrecognized tax benefits of which $5.9
billion, if recognized, would affect our effective tax rate. As of
June 30, 2010, we had $6.5 billion of unrecognized tax
benefits of which $5.6 billion, if recognized, would have affected
our effective tax rate.

Interest on unrecognized
tax benefits was $38 million, $193 million, and $230 million in
fiscal years 2011, 2010, and 2009, respectively. As of
June 30, 2011, 2010, and 2009, we had accrued interest related
to uncertain tax positions of $785 million, $747 million, and $554
million, respectively, net of federal income tax
benefits.

The aggregate changes in
the balance of unrecognized tax benefits were as
follows:

 


















(In millions)
 















Year Ended June 30,
  
2011
 
 
2010
 
 
2009
 









Balance, beginning of year

  
$
  6,542
  
 
$
  5,403
  
 
$
  3,195
  



Decreases related to
settlements

  
 
(632
) 
 
 
(57
) 
 
 
(82
) 



Increases for tax positions related
to the current year

  
 
739
  
 
 
1,012
  
 
 
2,203
  



Increases for tax positions related
to prior years

  
 
405
  
 
 
364
  
 
 
239
  



Decreases for tax positions related
to prior years

  
 
(119
) 
 
 
(166
) 
 
 
(132
) 



Decreases due to lapsed statute of
limitations

  
 
0
  
 
 
(14
) 
 
 
(20
) 






 






 









Balance, end of year

  
$
6,935
  
 
$
6,542
  
 
$
5,403
  


 
  






 






 









During the third quarter
of fiscal year 2011, we reached a partial settlement agreement with
the I.R.S. on tax years 2004 to 2006 and recorded a $461 million
income tax provision benefit. During the fourth quarter of fiscal
year 2011, the I.R.S. completed its examination and issued a
Revenue Agent’s Report (“RAR”) for the remaining
unresolved items. We do not agree with the adjustments in the RAR,
and we have filed a protest to initiate the administrative appeals
process. The proposed adjustments are primarily related to transfer
pricing and could have a significant impact on our financial
statements if not resolved favorably. We do not believe it is
reasonably possible that the total amount of unrecognized tax
benefits will significantly increase or decrease within the next 12
months, as we do not believe the appeals process will be concluded
within the next 12 months. We also continue to be subject to
examination by the I.R.S. for tax years 2007 to 2010.

We are subject to income
tax in many jurisdictions outside the U.S., and certain
jurisdictions remain subject to examination and are currently under
audit by local tax authorities. The resolutions of these audits are
not expected to be material to our financial statements.






X



- Definition
The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position, net change during the year in the total valuation allowance, approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets, utilization of a tax carryback, and tax uncertainties information.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32537-109319Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 136, 172 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 43, 44, 45, 46, 47, 48, 49 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Paragraph h -Article 4Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32559-109319Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 9 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32639-109319Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 15 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32718-109319Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(h)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6881521&loc=d3e23780-122690
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
nonnum:textBlockItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration













XML
51
R2.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


INCOME STATEMENTS (USD $)In Millions, except Per Share data

12 Months Ended



Jun. 30, 2011


Jun. 30, 2010


Jun. 30, 2009



Revenue
$ 69,943
$ 62,484
$ 58,437


Operating expenses:
 
 
 


Cost of revenue
15,577
12,395
12,155


Research and development
9,043
8,714
9,010


Sales and marketing
13,940
13,214
12,879


General and administrative
4,222
4,063
4,030


Total operating expenses
42,782
38,386
38,074


Operating income
27,161
24,098
20,363


Other income (expense)
910
915
(542)


Income before income taxes
28,071
25,013
19,821


Provision for income taxes
4,921
6,253
5,252


Net income
$ 23,150
$ 18,760
$ 14,569


Earnings per share:
 
 
 


Basic
$ 2.73
$ 2.13
$ 1.63


Diluted
$ 2.69
$ 2.10
$ 1.62


Weighted average shares outstanding:
 
 
 


Basic
8,490
8,813
8,945


Diluted
8,593
8,927
8,996


Cash dividends declared per common share
$ 0.64
$ 0.52
$ 0.52





X



- Definition
Aggregate dividends declared during the period for each share of common stock outstanding.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6959260&loc=d3e187085-122770
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_CommonStockDividendsPerShareDeclared


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
num:perShareItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The aggregate cost of goods produced and sold and services rendered during the reporting period.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 5 -Section 03 -Paragraph 2Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.2) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6880815&loc=d3e20235-122688
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_CostOfRevenue


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Total costs of sales and operating expenses for the period.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6880815&loc=d3e20235-122688
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_CostsAndExpenses


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Details


 Name:
us-gaap_CostsAndExpensesAbstract


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Details


 Name:
us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The amount of net income (loss) for the period per each share of common stock or unit outstanding during the reporting period.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 55 -Paragraph 52 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6945512&loc=d3e4984-109258Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) -Number 07-4 -Paragraph 4 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 5 -Section 03 -Paragraph 20Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.19) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879464&loc=d3e573970-122913Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 7 -Paragraph 18Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 942 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-04.23) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879574&loc=d3e536633-122882Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 128 -Paragraph 36, 37, 38 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.21) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6880815&loc=d3e20235-122688Reference 10: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Paragraph 21 -Article 9Reference 11: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920599&loc=d3e1252-109256
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
num:perShareItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The amount of net income (loss) for the period available to each share of common stock or common unit outstanding during the reporting period and to each share or unit that would have been outstanding assuming the issuance of common shares or units for all dilutive potential common shares or units outstanding during the reporting period.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 128 -Paragraph 11, 12, 36 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.21) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6880815&loc=d3e20235-122688Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 5 -Section 03 -Paragraph 20Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920599&loc=d3e1252-109256Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 7 -Paragraph 18Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Paragraph 21 -Article 9Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) -Number 07-4 -Paragraph 4 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
num:perShareItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The aggregate total of expenses of managing and administering the affairs of an entity, including affiliates of the reporting entity, which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture, sale or creation of a product or product line.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.4) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6880815&loc=d3e20235-122688
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpense


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Sum of operating profit and nonoperating income or expense before Income or Loss from equity method investments, income taxes, extraordinary items, and noncontrolling interest.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 4 -Section 08 -Paragraph h -Subparagraph 1(i)Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(h)(1)(i)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6881521&loc=d3e23780-122690
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The sum of the current income tax expense or benefit and the deferred income tax expense or benefit pertaining to continuing operations.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Income Tax Expense (or Benefit) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6515339Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 9 -Subparagraph (a),(b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32639-109319Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Paragraph h -Article 4Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 45 -Subparagraph a, b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(h)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6881521&loc=d3e23780-122690
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The portion of profit or loss for the period, net of income taxes, which is attributable to the parent.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.22) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879464&loc=d3e573970-122913Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6943989&loc=d3e3602-108585Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.18) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6880815&loc=d3e20235-122688Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph 38 -Subparagraph a -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 220 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 6 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920043&loc=d3e565-108580Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph A7 -Appendix AReference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 130 -Paragraph 10, 15 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Other Comprehensive Income -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6519514Reference 10: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph 38 -Subparagraph d -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 11: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) -Number 87-21 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 12: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Net Income -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6518256Reference 13: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.19) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879464&loc=d3e573970-122913Reference 14: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 5 -Section 03 -Paragraph 19Reference 15: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 28, 29, 30 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 16: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Paragraph 20 -Article 9
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The aggregate amount of income or expense from ancillary business-related activities (that is to say, excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business).
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 5 -Section 03 -Paragraph 7Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.7) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6880815&loc=d3e20235-122688
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The net result for the period of deducting operating expenses from operating revenues.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The aggregate costs incurred (1) in a planned search or critical investigation aimed at discovery of new knowledge with the hope that such knowledge will be useful in developing a new product or service, a new process or technique, or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process whether intended for sale or the entity's use, during the reporting period charged to research and development projects, including the costs of developing computer software up to the point in time of achieving technological feasibility, and costs allocated in accounting for a business combination to in-process projects deemed to have no alternative future use.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 985 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6501960&loc=d3e128462-111756Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 730 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6420194&loc=d3e21568-108373Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 141 -Paragraph 51 -Subparagraph g -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 2 -Paragraph 12, 13 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 86 -Paragraph 11, 12 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpense


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Total revenue from sale of goods and services rendered during the reporting period, in the normal course of business, reduced by sales returns and allowances, and sales discounts.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 5 -Section 03 -Paragraph 1Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6880815&loc=d3e20235-122688
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The aggregate total amount of expenses directly related to the marketing or selling of products or services.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_SellingAndMarketingExpense


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The average number of shares or units issued and outstanding that are used in calculating diluted EPS or earnings per unit (EPU), determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 16 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920599&loc=d3e1505-109256Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) -Number 07-4 -Paragraph 4 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 128 -Paragraph 40 -Subparagraph a -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 128 -Paragraph 8 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:sharesItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Details


 Name:
us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingAbstract


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Number of [basic] shares or units, after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding, determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 10 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920599&loc=d3e1448-109256Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 128 -Paragraph 171 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Weighted-Average Number of Common Shares Outstanding -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6528421Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 128 -Paragraph 40 -Subparagraph a -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 128 -Paragraph 8 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) -Number 07-4 -Paragraph 4 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:sharesItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration













XML
52
R20.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


UNEARNED REVENUE

12 Months Ended



Jun. 30, 2011



UNEARNED REVENUE


NOTE 14 —
UNEARNED REVENUE

Unearned revenue
comprises mainly unearned revenue from volume licensing programs,
as well as payments for offerings for which we have been paid in
advance and we earn the revenue when we provide the service or
software or otherwise meet the revenue recognition
criteria.
Volume Licensing
Programs

Unearned revenue from
volume licensing programs represents customer billings for
multi-year licensing arrangements paid either at inception of the
agreement or annually at the beginning of each billing coverage
period and accounted for as subscriptions with revenue recognized
ratably over the billing coverage period.
Other

Also included in unearned
revenue are payments for post-delivery support and consulting
services to be performed in the future; Xbox LIVE subscriptions and
prepaid points; Microsoft Dynamics business solutions products;
technology guarantee programs; OEM minimum commitments; unspecified
upgrades or enhancements of Microsoft Internet Explorer on a
when-and-if-available basis for Windows XP; and other offerings for
which we have been paid in advance and earn the revenue when we
provide the service or software or otherwise meet the revenue
recognition criteria.

 

The components of
unearned revenue were as follows:

 














(In millions)
  
 
 
 
 
 














June 30,
  
2011
 
 
2010
 








Volume licensing programs

  
$
  14,625
  
 
$
  12,180
  



Other

  
 
2,495
  
 
 
2,650
  






 









Total

  
$
17,120
  
 
$
14,830
  


 
  






 









Unearned revenue by
segment was as follows:

 














(In millions)
  
 
 
 
 
 














June 30,
  
2011
 
 
2010
 








Windows & Windows Live
Division

  
$
1,782
  
 
$
1,701
  



Server and Tools

  
 
6,552
  
 
 
5,282
  



Microsoft Business
Division

  
 
7,950
  
 
 
7,004
  



Other segments

  
 
836
  
 
 
843
  






 









Total

  
$
  17,120
  
 
$
  14,830
  


 
  






 













X



- Definition
The entire disclosure for deferred revenues at the end of the reporting period, and description and amounts of significant changes that occurred during the reporting period. Deferred revenue is a liability as of the balance sheet date related to a revenue producing activity for which revenue has not yet been recognized. Generally, an entity records deferred revenue when it receives consideration from a customer before achieving certain criteria that must be met for revenue to be recognized in conformity with GAAP.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 605 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 13.A.3(b).Q1(c),(b).Q2,(c).Q3) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6600647&loc=d3e214044-122780Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 13 -Section AReference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Concepts (CON) -Number 5 -Paragraph 83, 84 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 8 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6361293&loc=d3e6935-107765
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_DeferredRevenueDisclosureTextBlock


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
nonnum:textBlockItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration













XML
53
R21.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


OTHER LONG-TERM LIABILITIES

12 Months Ended



Jun. 30, 2011



OTHER LONG-TERM LIABILITIES


NOTE 15 — OTHER
LONG-TERM LIABILITIES

 














(In millions)
  
 
 
 
 
 














June 30,
  
2011
 
 
2010
 








Tax contingencies and other tax
liabilities

  
$
7,381
  
 
$
6,887
  



Legal contingencies

  
 
276
  
 
 
236
  



Other

  
 
415
  
 
 
322
  






 









Total

  
$
  8,072
  
 
$
  7,445
  


 
  






 













X



- Definition
The entire disclosure for other liabilities.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 20, 24 -Article 5Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.20,24) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesDisclosureTextBlock


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
nonnum:textBlockItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration













XML
54
R22.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


COMMITMENTS AND GUARANTEES

12 Months Ended



Jun. 30, 2011



COMMITMENTS AND GUARANTEES


NOTE 16 —
COMMITMENTS AND GUARANTEES
Construction and Operating
Leases

We have committed $263
million for constructing new buildings, building improvements and
leasehold improvements as of June 30, 2011.

We have operating leases
for most U.S. and international sales and support offices and
certain equipment. Rental expense for facilities operating leases
was $525 million, $530 million, and $475 million, in fiscal years
2011, 2010, and 2009, respectively. Future minimum rental
commitments under noncancellable facilities operating leases in
place as of June 30, 2011 are as follows:

 










(In millions)
  
 
 













Year Ending June 30,
  
 
 







2012

  
$
481
  



2013

  
 
396
  



2014

  
 
319
  



2015

  
 
249
  



2016

  
 
163
  



2017 and thereafter

  
 
344
  









Total

  
$
  1,952
  


 
  









 
Indemnifications

We provide
indemnifications of varying scope and size to certain customers
against claims of intellectual property infringement made by third
parties arising from the use of our products and certain other
matters. We evaluate estimated losses for these indemnifications,
and we consider such factors as the degree of probability of an
unfavorable outcome and the ability to make a reasonable estimate
of the amount of loss. To date, we have not encountered significant
costs as a result of these obligations and have not accrued any
liabilities related to these indemnifications in our financial
statements.
Yahoo! Commercial
Agreement

On December 4, 2009,
we entered into a definitive agreement with Yahoo! whereby
Microsoft will provide the exclusive algorithmic and paid search
platform for Yahoo! Web sites. The term of the agreement is 10
years subject to termination provisions after five years based on
performance.

Microsoft provided Yahoo!
with revenue per search guarantees for a period of 18 months after
implementation of the Microsoft search ads platform in each
country. These guarantees are calculated, paid and trued-up
periodically based on the cumulative reduction in revenue per
search, if any, during the 18-month period from pre-implementation
levels, except in the case of the U.S. and Canada where performance
during each of the first two calendar quarters after implementation
is independent and not cumulative. This is a rate guarantee and not
a guarantee of search volume. We estimate the total cost of the
revenue per search guarantees during the guarantee period could
range up to $150 million.

Microsoft also agreed to
reimburse Yahoo! for certain transition expenses incurred both
before and after the effective date of the agreement.

Finally, Microsoft also
agreed to reimburse Yahoo! for certain costs of running algorithmic
and paid search services prior to migration to Microsoft’s
platform.
Product Warranty

The changes in our
aggregate product warranty liabilities, which are included in other
current liabilities and other long term-liabilities on our balance
sheets, were as follows:

 














(In millions)
  
 
 
 
 
 














Year Ended June 30,
  
2011
 
 
2010
 








Balance, beginning of year

  
$
240
  
 
$
342
  



Accruals for warranties
issued

  
 
55
  
 
 
144
  



Adjustments to pre-existing
warranties

  
 
0
  
 
 
(2
) 



Settlements of warranty
claims

  
 
(123
) 
 
 
(244
) 






 









Balance, end of year

  
$
   172
  
 
$
   240
  


 
  






 













X



- Definition
Disclosure of significant arrangements with third parties and guarantee obligations.
+ Details


 Name:
msft_CommitmentsAndGuaranteesDisclosureTextBlock


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
nonnum:textBlockItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration













XML
55
R23.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


CONTINGENCIES

12 Months Ended



Jun. 30, 2011



CONTINGENCIES


NOTE 17 —
CONTINGENCIES
Government Competition Law
Matters

Since 2001, we have been
subject to a Consent Decree and Final Judgment (“Final
Judgments”) that resolved lawsuits brought by the U.S.
Department of Justice, 18 states, and the District of Columbia in
two separate actions. The Final Judgments imposed various
constraints on our Windows operating system businesses. The Final
Judgments expired in May 2011.

In other ongoing
investigations, various foreign governments and several state
attorneys general have requested information from us concerning
competition, privacy, and security issues.

 
Antitrust, Unfair Competition, and
Overcharge Class Actions

A large number of
antitrust and unfair competition class action lawsuits were filed
against us in various state, federal, and Canadian courts on behalf
of various classes of direct and indirect purchasers of our PC
operating system and certain other software products. We obtained
dismissals of damages claims of indirect purchasers under federal
law and in 15 states. Courts refused to certify classes in two
additional states. We have reached agreements to settle all claims
that have been made to date in 19 states and the District of
Columbia.

The settlements in all
states have received final court approval. Under the settlements,
generally class members can obtain vouchers that entitle them to be
reimbursed for purchases of a wide variety of platform-neutral
computer hardware and software. The total value of vouchers that we
may issue varies by state. We will make available to certain
schools a percentage of those vouchers that are not issued or
claimed (one-half to two-thirds depending on the state). The total
value of vouchers we ultimately issue will depend on the number of
class members who make claims and are issued vouchers. The maximum
value of vouchers to be issued is approximately $2.7 billion. The
actual costs of these settlements will be less than that maximum
amount, depending on the number of class members and schools that
are issued and redeem vouchers. We estimate the total cost to
resolve all of the state overcharge class action cases will range
between $1.9 billion and $2.0 billion. At June 30, 2011, we
have recorded a liability related to these claims of approximately
$568 million, which reflects our estimated exposure of $1.9 billion
less payments made to date of approximately $1.3 billion mostly for
vouchers, legal fees, and administrative expenses.

The three cases pending
in British Columbia, Ontario, and Quebec, Canada have not been
settled. In March 2010, the court in the British Columbia case
certified it as a class action. On April 15, 2011, the British
Columbia Court of Appeal reversed the class certification ruling
and dismissed the case, holding that indirect purchasers do not
have a claim. The plaintiffs have sought review by the Canadian
Supreme Court. The other two actions have been stayed.
Other Antitrust Litigation and
Claims

In November 2004, Novell,
Inc. (“Novell”) filed a complaint in U.S. District
Court for the District of Utah (later transferred to federal court
in Maryland), asserting antitrust and unfair competition claims
against us related to Novell’s ownership of WordPerfect and
other productivity applications during the period between June 1994
and March 1996. In June 2005, the trial court granted our motion to
dismiss four of six claims of the complaint. In March 2010 the
trial court granted summary judgment in favor of Microsoft as to
all remaining claims. The court of appeals has reversed that
ruling, and the case is scheduled for trial in Utah in October
2011.
Patent and Intellectual Property
Claims

In 2003, we filed an
action in U.S. District Court in California seeking a declaratory
judgment that we do not infringe certain Alcatel-Lucent patents
(although this action began before the merger of Alcatel and Lucent
in 2006, for simplicity we refer to the post-merger entity of
Alcatel-Lucent). In April 2008, a jury returned a verdict in
Alcatel-Lucent’s favor in a trial on a consolidated group of
one video and three user interface patents. The jury concluded that
we had infringed two user interface patents and awarded $367
million in damages. In June 2008, the trial judge increased the
amount of damages to $512 million to include $145 million of
interest. We appealed that award. In December 2008, we entered into
a settlement agreement resolving all other litigation pending
between Microsoft and Alcatel-Lucent, leaving approximately $500
million remaining in dispute. In September 2009, the court of
appeals affirmed the liability award but vacated the verdict and
remanded the case to the trial court for a re-trial of the damages
ruling, indicating the damages previously awarded were too high.
Trial on the remanded damages claim was held in July
2011.

In October 2003, Uniloc
USA Inc. (“Uniloc”), a subsidiary of a Singapore-based
company, filed a patent infringement suit in U.S. District Court in
Rhode Island, claiming that product activation technology
supporting Windows XP and certain other Microsoft programs violated
a Uniloc patent. After we obtained a favorable summary judgment
that we did not infringe any of the claims of this patent, the
court of appeals vacated the trial court decision and remanded the
case for trial. In April 2009, the jury returned a $388 million
verdict against us, including a finding of willful infringement. In
September 2009, the district court judge overturned the jury
verdict, ruling that the evidence did not support the jury’s
findings either that Microsoft infringed the patent or was willful.
Uniloc appealed, and in January 2011 the court of appeals reversed
the district court’s finding of non-infringement (thus
reinstating the jury verdict of infringement) but affirmed the
district court’s ruling that Microsoft was not willful and
affirmed the district court’s grant of a new trial on
damages. Uniloc’s petition for rehearing of the court of
appeals’ decision as to damages was denied. A new trial on
damages has been set for January 2012.

In March 2007, i4i
Limited Partnership (“i4i”) sued Microsoft in U.S.
District Court in Texas claiming that certain custom XML technology
in Word 2003 and 2007 infringed i4i’s patent. In May 2009, a
jury returned a verdict against us, finding damages of $200 million
and that we willfully infringed the patent. In August 2009, the
court denied our post-trial motions and awarded enhanced damages of
$40 million and prejudgment interest of $37 million. The court
also issued a permanent injunction prohibiting additional
distribution of the allegedly infringing technology. We appealed
and the appellate court stayed the injunction pending our appeal.
In December 2009, the court of appeals rejected our appeal and
affirmed the trial court’s judgment and injunction, except
that the court of appeals modified the effective date of the
injunction to January 11, 2010. We appealed to the U.S.
Supreme Court, and in June 2011 the court affirmed the judgment of
the court of appeals.

In October 2010, we filed
suit against Motorola with the International Trade Commission
(“ITC”) and in U.S. District Court in Washington for
infringement of nine Microsoft patents by Motorola’s
Android-based devices. Since then, Microsoft and Motorola have
filed additional actions against each other in the ITC and federal
courts in Washington, Wisconsin, Florida, and California. Microsoft
asserts Motorola’s Android-based devices violate 23 of its
patents, and Motorola asserts various Microsoft products (including
Windows, Windows Phone 7, Windows Mobile 6.5, Xbox, Bing Maps,
Hotmail, Messenger, and Exchange Server) violate 21 Motorola
patents. Microsoft also claims Motorola has breached its
contractual commitments to the Institute of Electrical and
Electronics Engineers (“IEEE”) and International
Telecommunications Union (“ITU”) to license identified
patents related to wireless and video coding technologies under
reasonable and non-discriminatory (“RAND”) terms and
conditions. Motorola asserts that Microsoft breached contractual
commitments to the SD Card Association to license two patents under
RAND terms and conditions, and asserts federal antitrust and state
unfair business practice claims. Trial in our ITC case is set
for August 2011, trial in Motorola’s ITC case is set for
October 2011, and trial of both parties’ patent infringement
claims in Florida also is set for October 2011.

In addition to these
cases, there are approximately 55 other patent infringement cases
pending against Microsoft.
Other

We also are subject to a
variety of other claims and suits that arise from time to time in
the ordinary course of our business. Although management currently
believes that resolving claims against us, individually or in
aggregate, will not have a material adverse impact on our financial
statements, these matters are subject to inherent uncertainties and
management’s view of these matters may change in the
future.

As of June 30, 2011,
we had accrued aggregate liabilities of $693 million in other
current liabilities and $276 million in other long-term liabilities
for all of the contingent matters described in this note. While we
intend to vigorously defend these matters, there exists the
possibility of adverse outcomes that we estimate could reach
approximately $800 million in aggregate beyond recorded amounts.
Were unfavorable final outcomes to occur, there exists the
possibility of a material adverse impact on our financial
statements for the period in which the effects become reasonably
estimable.






X



- Definition
The entire disclosure for legal proceedings, legal contingencies, litigation, regulatory and environmental matters and other contingencies.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_LegalMattersAndContingenciesTextBlock


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
nonnum:textBlockItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration













XML
56
R24.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

12 Months Ended



Jun. 30, 2011



STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY


NOTE 18 —
STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY
Shares Outstanding

Shares of common stock
outstanding were as follows:

 


















(In millions)
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 















Year Ended June 30,
  
2011
 
 
2010
 
 
2009
 









Balance, beginning of year

  
 
8,668
  
 
 
8,908
  
 
 
9,151
  



Issued

  
 
155
  
 
 
140
  
 
 
75
  



Repurchased

  
 
(447
) 
 
 
(380
) 
 
 
(318
) 






 






 









Balance, end of year

  
 
8,376
  
 
 
8,668
  
 
 
8,908
  


 
  






 






 








Share Repurchases

On September 22,
2008, we announced the completion of the two repurchase programs
approved by our Board of Directors during the first quarter of
fiscal year 2007 to buy back up to $40.0 billion of Microsoft
common stock. On September 22, 2008, we also announced that
our Board of Directors approved a new share repurchase program
authorizing up to $40.0 billion in share repurchases with an
expiration date of September 30, 2013. As of June 30,
2011, approximately $12.2 billion remained of the $40.0 billion
approved repurchase amount. The repurchase program may be suspended
or discontinued at any time without prior notice.

We repurchased the
following shares of common stock under the above-described
repurchase plans using cash resources:

 






























(In millions)
  
Shares
 
  
Amount
 
  
Shares
 
  
Amount
 
  
Shares
 
  
Amount
 


















Year Ended June 30,
  
 
 
  
2011 (a)
 
  
 
 
  
2010 (a)
 
  
 
 
  
2009  (b)
 












First quarter

  
 
163
  
  
$
4,000
  
  
 
58
  
  
$
1,445
  
  
 
223
  
  
$
5,966
  



Second quarter

  
 
188
  
  
 
5,000
  
  
 
125
  
  
 
3,583
  
  
 
95
  
  
 
2,234
  



Third quarter

  
 
30
  
  
 
827
  
  
 
67
  
  
 
2,000
  
  
 
0
  
  
 
0
  



Fourth quarter

  
 
66
  
  
 
1,631
  
  
 
130
  
  
 
3,808
  
  
 
0
  
  
 
0
  






  






  






  






  






  









Total

  
 
447
  
  
$
  11,458
  
  
 
380
  
  
$
  10,836
  
  
 
318
  
  
$
  8,200
  


 
  






  






  






  






  






  









 


(a)

All
shares repurchased in fiscal years 2011 and 2010 were repurchased
under the plan approved by our Board of Directors on
September 22, 2008.





(b)

Of
the 318 million shares of common stock repurchased in fiscal
year 2009, 101 million shares were repurchased for $2.7
billion under the plan approved by our Board of Directors during
the first quarter of fiscal year 2007. The remaining shares were
repurchased under the plan approved by our Board of Directors on
September 22, 2008.



Dividends

In fiscal year 2011, our
Board of Directors declared the following dividends:

 






















Declaration Date
  


Dividend

Per Share

 
 
Record Date
 
 
Total Amount
 
  
Payment Date
 









 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
(In millions)
 
  
 
 










September 21, 2010

  
$
  0.16
    
 
 
November 18, 2010
    
 
$
  1,363
  
  
 
December 9, 2010
  



December 15, 2010

  
$
0.16
  
 
 
February 17, 2011
  
 
$
1,349
  
  
 
March 10, 2011
  



March 14, 2011

  
$
0.16
  
 
 
May 19, 2011
  
 
$
1,350
  
  
 
June 9, 2011
  



June 15, 2011

  
$
0.16
  
 
 
August 18, 2011
  
 
$
1,340
  
  
 
September 8, 2011
  




 

The dividend declared on
June 15, 2011 will be paid after the filing date of this
report on Form 10-K and was included in other current liabilities
as of June 30, 2011.

In fiscal year 2010, our
Board of Directors declared the following dividends:

 






















Declaration Date
  


Dividend

Per Share

 
 
Record Date
 
 
Total Amount
 
  
Payment Date
 









 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
(In millions)
 
  
 
 










September 18, 2009

  
$
  0.13
    
 
 
November 19, 2009
    
 
$
  1,152
  
  
 
December 10, 2009
  



December 9, 2009

  
$
0.13
  
 
 
February 18, 2010
  
 
$
1,139
  
  
 
March 11, 2010
  



March 8, 2010

  
$
0.13
  
 
 
May 20, 2010
  
 
$
1,130
  
  
 
June 10, 2010
  



June 16, 2010

  
$
0.13
  
 
 
August 19, 2010
  
 
$
1,118
  
  
 
September 9, 2010
  




The dividend declared on
June 16, 2010 was included in other current liabilities as of
June 30, 2010.






X



- Definition
The entire disclosure for shareholders' equity, comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest, if any, including other comprehensive income (as applicable).  Including, but not limited to: (1) balances of common stock, preferred stock, additional paid-in capital, other capital and retained earnings; (2) accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and total amount of comprehensive income; (3) amount and nature of changes in separate accounts, including the number of shares authorized and outstanding, number of shares issued upon exercise and conversion, and for other comprehensive income, the adjustments for reclassifications to net income; (4) rights and privileges of each class of stock authorized; (5) basis of treasury stock, if other than cost, and amounts paid and accounting treatment for treasury stock purchased significantly in excess of market; (6) dividends paid or payable per share and in the aggregate for each class of stock for each period presented; (7) dividend restrictions and accumulated preferred dividends in arrears (in aggregate and per share amount); (8) retained earnings appropriations or restrictions, such as dividend restrictions; (9) impact of change in accounting principle, initial adoption of new accounting principle and correction of an error in previously issued financial statements; (10) shares held in trust for Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP); (11) deferred compensation related to issuance of capital stock; (12) note received for issuance of stock; (13) unamortized discount on shares; (14) description, terms, and number of warrants or rights outstanding; (15) shares under subscription and subscription receivables, effective date of new retained earnings after quasi-reorganization and deficit eliminated by quasi-reorganization and, for a period of at least ten years after the effective date, the point in time from which the new retained dates; and (16) retroactive effective of subsequent change in capital structure.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29, 30, 31 -Article 5Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 310 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 4.E) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6228006&loc=d3e74512-122707Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21484-112644Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 4 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 4.C) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6959260&loc=d3e187143-122770Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 129 -Paragraph 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Preferred Stock -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6521494Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 5 -Paragraph 15 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Article 4Reference 10: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6959260&loc=d3e187085-122770Reference 11: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 4 -Section CReference 12: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 5 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21488-112644Reference 13: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29-31) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682Reference 14: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 4 -Section 08 -Paragraph dReference 15: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 4 -Section EReference 16: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 30 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6405834&loc=d3e23285-112656Reference 17: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21475-112644Reference 18: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(d),(e)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6881521&loc=d3e23780-122690Reference 19: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 43 -Chapter 1 -Section B -Paragraph 7, 11A -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 20: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21463-112644Reference 21: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB) -Number 12 -Paragraph 10 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 22: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 6 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21506-112644Reference 23: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 11 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21564-112644
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
nonnum:textBlockItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration













XML
57
R25.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

12 Months Ended



Jun. 30, 2011



OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME


NOTE 19 — OTHER
COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

The activity in other
comprehensive income and related income tax effects were as
follows:

 


















(In millions)
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 















Year Ended June 30,
  
2011
 
 
2010
 
 
2009
 








Net Unrealized Gains on Derivatives
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 









Unrealized gains (losses), net of tax
effects of $(340), $188, and $472

  
$
(632
) 
 
$
   349
  
 
$
   876
  



Reclassification adjustment for gains
included in net income, net of tax effects of $2, $(173),
and $(309)

  
 
5
  
 
 
(322
) 
 
 
(574
) 






 






 









Net unrealized gains on
derivatives

  
$
(627
) 
 
$
27
  
 
$
302
  






 






 














Net Unrealized Gains (Losses) on Investments
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 









Unrealized gains (losses), net of tax
effects of $726, $263, and $(142)

  
$
  1,349
  
 
$
488
  
 
$
(263
) 



Reclassification adjustment for
losses (gains) included in net income, net of tax effects of
$(159), $(120), and $16

  
 
(295
) 
 
 
(223
) 
 
 
30
  






 






 









Net unrealized gains (losses) on
investments

  
 
1,054
  
 
 
265
  
 
 
(233
) 






 






 









Translation adjustments and other,
net of tax effects of $205, $(103) and $(133)

  
 
381
  
 
 
(206
) 
 
 
(240
) 






 






 









Other comprehensive income
(loss)

  
$
808
  
 
$
86
  
 
$
(171
) 


 
  






 






 









The components of
accumulated other comprehensive income were as follows:

 


















(In millions)
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 















Year Ended June 30,
  
2011
 
 
2010
 
 
2009
 









Net unrealized gains (losses) on
derivatives

  
$
(163
) 
 
$
464
  
 
$
437
  



Net unrealized gains on
investments

  
 
1,821
  
 
 
767
  
 
 
502
  



Translation adjustments and
other

  
 
205
  
 
 
(176
) 
 
 
30
  






 






 









Accumulated other comprehensive
income

  
$
  1,863
  
 
$
  1,055
  
 
$
  969
  


 
  






 






 













X



- Definition
The entire disclosure for comprehensive income.  Includes, but is not limited to,  the following:  1) the amount of income tax expense or benefit allocated to each component of other comprehensive income, including reclassification adjustments, 2) the reclassification adjustments for each classification of other comprehensive income and 3) the ending accumulated balances for each component of comprehensive income. Components of comprehensive income include: (1) foreign currency translation adjustments; (2) gains (losses) on foreign currency transactions that are designated as, and are effective as, economic hedges of a net investment in a foreign entity; (3) gains (losses) on intercompany foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term-investment nature, when the entities to the transaction are consolidated, combined, or accounted for by the equity method in the reporting enterprise's financial statements; (4) change in the market value of a futures contract that qualifies as a hedge of an asset reported at fair value; (5) unrealized holding gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities and that resulting from transfers of debt securities from the held-to-maturity category to the available-for-sale category; (6) a net loss recognized as an additional pension liability not yet recognized as net periodic pension cost; and (7)  the net gain (loss) and net prior service cost or credit for pension plans and other postretirement benefit plans.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 220 -SubTopic 10 -Section 55 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920433&loc=d3e998-108581Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 220 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 15 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920043&loc=d3e689-108580Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 220 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 11 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920043&loc=d3e637-108580Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 220 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 17 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920043&loc=d3e716-108580Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 220 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 14 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920043&loc=d3e681-108580Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Reclassification Adjustments -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6522872Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 130 -Paragraph 14-26 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 220 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 12 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920043&loc=d3e640-108580Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6959260&loc=d3e187085-122770Reference 10: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 220 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 13 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920043&loc=d3e653-108580Reference 11: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 220 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 16 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920043&loc=d3e709-108580
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNoteTextBlock


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
nonnum:textBlockItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration













XML
58
R26.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


EMPLOYEE STOCK AND SAVINGS PLANS

12 Months Ended



Jun. 30, 2011



EMPLOYEE STOCK AND SAVINGS PLANS


NOTE 20 —
EMPLOYEE STOCK AND SAVINGS PLANS

We grant stock-based
compensation to directors and employees. At June 30, 2011, an
aggregate of 583 million shares were authorized for future
grant under our stock plans, covering stock options, stock awards,
and shared performance stock awards, and excluding shares reserved
for issuance under our employee stock purchase plan. Awards that
expire or are canceled without delivery of shares generally become
available for issuance under the plans. We issue new shares of
Microsoft common stock to satisfy exercises and vestings of awards
granted under all of our stock plans.

 

Stock-based compensation
expense and related income tax benefits were as follows:

 


















(In millions)
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 















Year Ended June 30,
  
2011
 
 
2010
 
 
2009
 









Stock-based compensation
expense

  
$
  2,166
  
 
$
  1,891
  
 
$
  1,708
  



Income tax benefits related to
stock-based compensation

  
$
758
  
 
$
662
  
 
$
598
  



Stock Plans (Excluding Stock
Options)
Stock awards

Stock awards
(“SAs”) are grants that entitle the holder to shares of
Microsoft common stock as the award vests. Our SAs generally vest
over a five-year period.
Shared performance stock
awards

Shared performance stock
awards (“SPSAs”) are a form of SA in which the number
of shares ultimately received depends on our business performance
against specified performance targets.

We granted SPSAs for
fiscal years 2011, 2010, and 2009 with performance periods of
July 1, 2010 through June 30, 2011, July 1,
2009 through June 30, 2010, and July 1, 2008 through
June 30, 2009, respectively. In August following the end of
each performance period, the number of shares of stock subject to
the award is determined by multiplying the target award by a
percentage ranging from 0% to 150%. The percentage is based on
performance metrics for the performance period, as determined by
the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors in its sole
discretion. An additional number of shares, approximately 12% of
the total target SPSAs, are available as additional awards to
participants based on individual performance. One-quarter of the
shares of stock subject to each award vest following the end of the
performance period, and an additional one-quarter of the shares
vest on each of the following three anniversaries of the grant
date.
Executive Officer Incentive
Plan

Under the Executive
Officer Incentive Plan (“EOIP”), the Compensation
Committee awards performance-based compensation to executive
officers of the Company for specified performance
periods. During the periods reported, executive officers were
eligible to receive annual awards comprised of cash and SAs from an
aggregate incentive pool equal to a percentage of the
Company’s operating income. For fiscal years 2011, 2010, and
2009, the pool was 0.25%, 0.45%, and 0.35% of operating income,
respectively.

In September following
the end of the fiscal year, each executive officer may receive a
combined cash and SA award with a total value equal to a fixed
percentage of the aggregate pool. The fixed percentage ranges
between 0% and 150% of a target based on an assessment of the
executive officer’s performance during the prior fiscal year.
Following approval of the awards, 20% of the award is payable to
the executive officers in cash, and the remaining 80% is converted
into an SA for shares of Microsoft common stock. The number of
shares subject to the SA portion of the award is determined by
dividing the value of 80% of the total award by the closing price
of Microsoft common stock on the last business day in
August of each year. The SA portion of the award vests
one-quarter immediately after the award is approved following
fiscal year-end and one-quarter on August 31 of each of
the following three years.
Activity for all stock
plans

The fair value of each
award is estimated on the date of grant using the following
assumptions:

 































Year Ended June 30,
  
2011
 
 
2010
 
 
2009
 









Dividends per share (quarterly
amounts)

  
$
  0.13 – $  0.16
  
 
$
  0.13
  
 
$
  0.11 - $  0.13
  



Interest rates range

  
 
1.1% - 2.4%
  
 
 
2.1% - 2.9%
  
 
 
1.4% - 3.6%
  




 

During fiscal year 2011,
the following activity occurred under our stock plans:

 














 
  
Shares
 
 


Weighted

Average

Grant-Date

Fair
Value

 









 
  
(In millions)
 
 
 
 







Stock Awards
  
 
 
 
 
 








Nonvested balance, beginning of
year

  
 
223
  
 
$
  24.76
  



Granted

  
 
114
  
 
$
22.17
  



Vested

  
 
(63
) 
 
$
25.00
  



Forfeited

  
 
(19
) 
 
$
23.97
  






 
 
 
 



Nonvested balance, end of
year

  
 
255
  
 
$
23.59
  


 
  






 
 
 
 







Shared Performance Stock Awards
  
 
 
 
 
 








Nonvested balance, beginning of
year

  
 
30
  
 
$
25.32
  



Granted

  
 
18
  
 
$
22.56
  



Vested

  
 
(13
) 
 
$
25.63
  



Forfeited

  
 
(3
) 
 
$
24.05
  






 
 
 
 



Nonvested balance, end of
year

  
 
32
  
 
$
23.76
  


 
  






 
 
 
 



As of June 30, 2011,
there was $4.5 billion and $467 million of total unrecognized
compensation costs related to SAs and SPSAs, respectively. These
costs are expected to be recognized over a weighted average period
of 3.3 years and 2.5 years, respectively.

During fiscal year 2010
and 2009, the following activity occurred under our stock
plans:

 














(In millions, except fair values)
  
2010
 
 
2009
 














Stock Awards
  
 
 
 
 
 








Awards granted

  
 
100
  
 
 
91
  



Weighted average grant-date fair
value

  
$
  23.43
  
 
$
  24.95
  







Shared Performance Stock Awards
  
 
 
 
 
 








Awards granted

  
 
12
  
 
 
10
  



Weighted average grant-date fair
value

  
$
24.57
  
 
$
25.93
  




Following are the fair
values of stock plan awards vested during the periods
reported:

 


















(In millions)
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 









 
  
2011
 
 
2010
 
 
2009
 









Total vest-date fair value of stock
awards vested

  
$
  1,521
  
 
$
  1,358
  
 
$
  1,137
  



Total vest-date fair value of shared
performance stock awards vested

  
$
289
  
 
$
227
  
 
$
485
  



Stock Options

We grant stock options
primarily in conjunction with business acquisitions. We granted
zero, one million, and one million stock options in
conjunction with business acquisitions during fiscal years 2011,
2010, and 2009, respectively. Options generally vest over four and
one-half years and expire 10 years from the date of
grant.

 

Employee stock options
activity during 2011 was as follows:

 






















 
  
Shares
 
 


Weighted

Average

Exercise Price

 
 


Weighted

Average

Remaining

Contractual

Term

 
  


Aggregate

Intrinsic

Value

 









 
  
(In millions)
 
 
 
 
 
(Years)
 
  
(In millions)
 










Balance, July 1, 2010

  
 
187
  
 
$
  24.68
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 



Exercised

  
 
(79
) 
 
$
24.91
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 



Canceled

  
 
(15
) 
 
$
28.84
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 






 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 



Balance, June 30,
2011

  
 
93
  
 
$
23.21
  
 
 
1.04
  
  
$
  312
  



Exercisable, June 30,
2011

  
 
92
  
 
$
23.16
  
 
 
1.04
  
  
$
309
  




Options outstanding as of
June 30, 2011 include approximately two million options
that were granted in conjunction with business acquisitions. These
options have an exercise price range of $0.01 to $29.24 and a
weighted average exercise price of $7.69.

During the periods
reported, the following stock option exercise activity
occurred:

 


















(In millions)
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 















 
  
2011
 
 
2010
 
 
2009
 



Total intrinsic value of stock
options exercised

  
$
222
  
 
$
365
  
 
$
  48
  



Cash received from stock option
exercises

  
$
  1,954
  
 
$
  1,839
  
 
$
88
  



Tax benefit realized from stock
option exercises

  
$
77
  
 
$
126
  
 
$
12
  



Employee Stock Purchase
Plan

We have an employee stock
purchase plan for all eligible employees. Shares of our common
stock may be purchased by employees at three-month intervals at 90%
of the fair market value on the last day of each three-month
period. Employees may purchase shares having a value not exceeding
15% of their gross compensation during an offering period.
Employees purchased the following shares during the periods
presented:

 


















(Shares in millions)
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 















Year Ended June 30,
  
2011
 
 
2010
 
 
2009
 









Shares purchased

  
 
20
  
 
 
20
  
 
 
24
  



Average price per share

  
$
  22.98
  
 
$
  23.73
  
 
$
  20.13
  




At June 30, 2011,
43 million shares of our common stock were reserved for future
issuance through the employee stock purchase plan.
Savings Plan

We have a savings plan in
the U.S. that qualifies under Section 401(k) of the Internal
Revenue Code, and a number of savings plans in international
locations. Participating U.S. employees may contribute up to 50% of
their salary, but not more than statutory limits. We contribute
fifty cents for each dollar a participant contributes in this plan,
with a maximum contribution of 3% of a participant’s
earnings. Matching contributions for all plans were $282 million,
$275 million, and $262 million in fiscal years 2011, 2010, and
2009, respectively, and were expensed as contributed. Matching
contributions are invested proportionate to each
participant’s voluntary contributions in the investment
options provided under the plan. Investment options in the U.S.
plan include Microsoft common stock, but neither participant nor
our matching contributions are required to be invested in Microsoft
common stock.






X



- Definition
Description of the company's award plans under which share-based compensation is awarded to employees and the company's employee savings plan, as well as activity under these plans.
+ Details


 Name:
msft_DisclosureEmployeeStockAndSavingsPlansTextBlock


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
nonnum:textBlockItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration













XML
59
R27.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


SEGMENT INFORMATION AND GEOGRAPHIC DATA

12 Months Ended



Jun. 30, 2011



SEGMENT INFORMATION AND GEOGRAPHIC DATA


NOTE 21 —
SEGMENT INFORMATION AND GEOGRAPHIC DATA

In its operation of the
business, management, including our chief operating decision maker,
the Company’s Chief Executive Officer, reviews certain
financial information, including segmented internal profit and loss
statements prepared on a basis not consistent with U.S. GAAP. The
segment information within this note is reported on that basis. Our
five segments are Windows & Windows Live Division; Server
and Tools; Online Services Division; Microsoft Business Division;
and Entertainment and Devices Division.

Due to the integrated
structure of our business, certain revenue earned and costs
incurred by one segment may benefit other segments. Revenue on
certain contracts may be allocated among the segments based on the
relative value of the underlying products and services. Costs that
are identifiable are allocated to the segments that benefit to
incent cross-collaboration among our segments so that one segment
is not solely burdened by the cost of a mutually beneficial
activity. Allocated costs may include those relating to development
and marketing of products and services from which multiple segments
benefit, or those costs relating to services performed by one
segment on behalf of other segments. Each allocation is measured
differently based on the specific facts and circumstances of the
costs being allocated.

In addition, certain
costs incurred at a corporate level that are identifiable and that
benefit our segments are allocated to them. These allocated costs
include costs of: field selling; employee benefits; shared
facilities services; and customer service and support. Each
allocation is measured differently based on the specific facts and
circumstances of the costs being allocated. Certain other
corporate-level activity is not allocated to our segments,
including costs of: broad-based sales and marketing; product
support services; human resources; legal; finance; information
technology; corporate development and procurement activities;
research and development; legal settlements and contingencies; and
employee severance.

We have recast certain
prior period amounts within this note to conform to the way we
internally managed and monitored segment performance during the
current fiscal year, including moving Microsoft’s PC hardware
business from Entertainment and Devices Division to
Windows & Windows Live Division, Windows Embedded from
Entertainment and Devices Division to Server and Tools, and Office
for Mac from Entertainment and Devices Division to Microsoft
Business Division, as well as implementing intersegment cost
allocations between all segments related to the collaborative
investment in mobile platform development.

The principal products
and services provided by each segment are summarized
below:

Windows &
Windows Live Division – Windows & Windows Live
Division offerings consist of multiple editions of the Windows
operating system, software and services through Windows Live, and
Microsoft PC hardware products.

Server and Tools
– Server and Tools product and service offerings include
Windows Server, Microsoft SQL Server, Windows Azure, Windows
Embedded device platforms, and Enterprise Services. Enterprise
Services comprise Premier product support services and Microsoft
Consulting Services.

Online Services
Division – Online Services Division offerings include
Bing, MSN, and advertiser tools.

Microsoft Business
Division – Microsoft Business Division offerings include
Microsoft Office, SharePoint, Exchange, Lync, and Microsoft
Dynamics business solutions.

Entertainment and
Devices Division – Entertainment and Devices Division
offerings include the Xbox 360 entertainment platform, including
Kinect for Xbox 360, Mediaroom (our Internet protocol television
software), and Windows Phone.

 

Segment revenue and
operating income (loss) were as follows during the periods
presented:

 


















(In millions)
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 















Year Ended June 30,
  
2011
 
 
2010
 
 
2009
 








Revenue
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 









Windows & Windows Live
Division

  
$
  18,778
  
 
$
  18,792
  
 
$
  15,563
  



Server and Tools

  
 
17,107
  
 
 
15,390
  
 
 
14,686
  



Online Services Division

  
 
2,528
  
 
 
2,200
  
 
 
2,110
  



Microsoft Business
Division

  
 
21,986
  
 
 
19,345
  
 
 
19,211
  



Entertainment and Devices
Division

  
 
8,716
  
 
 
6,224
  
 
 
6,416
  



Unallocated and other

  
 
828
  
 
 
533
  
 
 
451
  






 






 









Consolidated

  
$
69,943
  
 
$
62,484
  
 
$
58,437
  


 
  






 






 









 


















(In millions)
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 















Year Ended June 30,
  
2011
 
 
2010
 
 
2009
 








Operating Income (Loss)
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 









Windows & Windows Live
Division

  
$
  11,968
  
 
$
  12,253
  
 
$
9,372
  



Server and Tools

  
 
6,453
  
 
 
5,320
  
 
 
4,627
  



Online Services Division

  
 
(2,638
) 
 
 
(2,410
) 
 
 
(1,749
) 



Microsoft Business
Division

  
 
13,827
  
 
 
11,642
  
 
 
11,153
  



Entertainment and Devices
Division

  
 
1,135
  
 
 
573
  
 
 
288
  



Reconciling amounts

  
 
(3,584
) 
 
 
(3,280
) 
 
 
(3,328
) 






 






 









Consolidated

  
$
27,161
  
 
$
24,098
  
 
$
  20,363
  


 
  






 






 









Reconciling amounts in
the tables above and below include adjustments to conform our
internal accounting policies to U.S. GAAP and corporate-level
activity not specifically attributed to a segment. Significant
internal accounting policies that differ from U.S. GAAP relate to
revenue recognition, income statement classification, depreciation,
and amortization of stock-based awards.

Significant reconciling
items were as follows:

 


















(In millions)
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 















Year Ended June 30,
  
2011
 
 
2010
 
 
2009
 









Corporate-level
activity (a)

  
$
  (4,619
) 
 
$
  (4,260
) 
 
$
  (4,318
) 



Stock-based compensation
expense

  
 
544
  
 
 
556
  
 
 
753
  



Revenue reconciling
amounts

  
 
632
  
 
 
366
  
 
 
256
  



Other

  
 
(141
) 
 
 
58
  
 
 
(19
) 






 






 









Total

  
$
(3,584
) 
 
$
(3,280
) 
 
$
(3,328
) 


 
  






 






 









 


(a)

Corporate-level activity excludes stock-based compensation
expense and revenue reconciling amounts presented separately in
those line items.




No sales to an individual
customer accounted for more than 10% of fiscal year 2011, 2010, or
2009 revenue. Revenue, classified by the major geographic areas in
which our customers are located, was as follows:

 


















(In millions)
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 















Year Ended June 30,
  
2011
 
 
2010
 
 
2009
 









United
States (a)

  
$
  38,008
  
 
$
  36,173
  
 
$
  33,052
  



Other countries

  
 
31,935
  
 
 
26,311
  
 
 
25,385
  






 






 









Total

  
$
69,943
  
 
$
62,484
  
 
$
58,437
  


 
  






 






 









 


(a)

Includes shipments to customers in the U.S. and licensing to
certain OEMs and multinational organizations.




 

Revenue from external
customers, classified by significant product and service offerings
were as follows:

 


















(In millions)
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 















Year Ended June 30,
  
2011
 
 
2010
 
 
2009
 









Microsoft Office system

  
$
  20,730
  
 
$
  17,754
  
 
$
  17,998
  



Windows PC operating
systems

  
 
17,825
  
 
 
18,225
  
 
 
14,653
  



Server products and tools

  
 
13,251
  
 
 
12,007
  
 
 
11,344
  



Xbox 360 platform

  
 
8,103
  
 
 
5,456
  
 
 
5,475
  



Consulting and product support
services

  
 
3,372
  
 
 
3,036
  
 
 
3,024
  



Advertising

  
 
2,913
  
 
 
2,528
  
 
 
2,345
  



Other

  
 
3,749
  
 
 
3,478
  
 
 
3,598
  






 






 









Total

  
$
69,943
  
 
$
62,484
  
 
$
58,437
  


 
  






 






 









Assets are not allocated
to segments for internal reporting presentations. A portion of
amortization and depreciation is included with various other costs
in an overhead allocation to each segment and it is impracticable
for us to separately identify the amount of amortization and
depreciation by segment that is included in the measure of segment
profit or loss.

Long-lived assets,
excluding financial instruments and deferred taxes, classified by
the location of the controlling statutory company, were as
follows:

 


















(In millions)
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 















June 30,
  
2011
 
 
2010
 
 
2009
 









United States

  
$
  18,498
  
 
$
  18,716
  
 
$
  19,362
  



Other countries

  
 
2,989
  
 
 
2,466
  
 
 
2,435
  






 






 









Total

  
$
21,487
  
 
$
21,182
  
 
$
21,797
  


 
  






 






 













X



- Definition
The entire disclosure for reporting segments including data and tables. Reportable segments include those that meet any of the following quantitative thresholds a) it's reported revenue, including sales to external customers and intersegment sales or transfers is 10 percent or more of the combined revenue, internal and external, of all operating segments b) the absolute amount of its reported profit or loss is 10 percent or more of the greater, in absolute amount of 1) the combined reported profit of all operating segments that did not report a loss or 2) the combined reported loss of all operating segments that did report a loss c) its assets are 10 percent or more of the combined assets of all operating segments.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 280 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 12 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6534315&loc=d3e8595-108599Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 280 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 10 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6534315&loc=d3e8538-108599Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 280 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 33 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6534315&loc=d3e8971-108599Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 280 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 34 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6534315&loc=d3e8981-108599Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 280 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 29 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6534315&loc=d3e8864-108599Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 280 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6534315&loc=d3e8380-108599Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 280 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 35 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6534315&loc=d3e8984-108599Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 280 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 41 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6534315&loc=d3e9038-108599Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 280 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 32 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6534315&loc=d3e8933-108599Reference 10: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 131 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 11: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 280 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 30 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6534315&loc=d3e8906-108599Reference 12: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 280 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 26 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6534315&loc=d3e8844-108599Reference 13: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 280 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 40 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6534315&loc=d3e9031-108599Reference 14: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 280 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 42 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6534315&loc=d3e9054-108599Reference 15: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 280 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 31 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6534315&loc=d3e8924-108599
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_SegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlock


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
nonnum:textBlockItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration













XML
60
R28.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


QUARTERLY INFORMATION (Unaudited)

12 Months Ended



Jun. 30, 2011



QUARTERLY INFORMATION (Unaudited)


NOTE 22 —
QUARTERLY INFORMATION (Unaudited)

 


























(In millions, except per share amounts)
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

















Quarter Ended
  
September 30
 
 
December 31
 
 
March 31
 
 
June 30
 
 
Total
 










Fiscal Year 2011
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 











Revenue

  
$
  16,195
  
 
$
  19,953
  
 
$
  16,428
  
 
$
  17,367
  
 
$
  69,943
  



Gross profit

  
 
13,056
  
 
 
15,120
  
 
 
12,531
  
 
 
13,659
  
 
 
54,366
  



Net income

  
 
5,410
  
 
 
6,634
  
 
 
5,232
 (a) 
 
 
5,874
 (b) 
 
 
23,150
  



Basic earnings per share

  
 
0.63
  
 
 
0.78
  
 
 
0.62
  
 
 
0.70
  
 
 
2.73
  



Diluted earnings per share

  
 
0.62
  
 
 
0.77
  
 
 
0.61
  
 
 
0.69
  
 
 
2.69
  






 






 






 






 
















Fiscal Year 2010
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 











Revenue

  
$
12,920
  (d) 
 
$
19,022
  (c) 
 
$
14,503
  
 
$
16,039
  
 
$
62,484
  



Gross profit

  
 
10,078
  
 
 
15,394
  
 
 
11,748
  
 
 
12,869
  
 
 
50,089
  



Net income

  
 
3,574
  
 
 
6,662
  
 
 
4,006
  
 
 
4,518
  
 
 
18,760
  



Basic earnings per share

  
 
0.40
  
 
 
0.75
  
 
 
0.46
  
 
 
0.52
  
 
 
2.13
  



Diluted earnings per share

  
 
0.40
  
 
 
0.74
  
 
 
0.45
  
 
 
0.51
  
 
 
2.10
  




 


(a)

Includes a partial settlement of an I.R.S. audit of tax
years 2004 to 2006, which increased net income by $461
million.





(b)

Reflects an effective tax rate of 7% due mainly to the
adjustment of our previously estimated effective tax rate for the
year to reflect the actual full year mix of foreign and U.S.
taxable income. In addition, upon completion of our annual domestic
and foreign tax returns, we adjusted the estimated tax provision to
reflect the tax returns filed and recorded an income tax benefit
which lowered our effective tax rate.





(c)

Reflects $1.7 billion of revenue recognized for sales of
Windows Vista with a guarantee to be upgraded to Windows 7 at
minimal or no cost and of Windows 7 to original equipment
manufacturers and retailers before general availability (the
“Windows 7 Deferral”).





(d)

Reflects $1.5 billion of revenue deferred to future periods
relating to the Windows 7 Deferral.









X



- Definition
The entire disclosure for the quarterly financial data in the annual financial statements.  The disclosure may include a tabular presentation of financial information for each fiscal quarter for the current and previous year, including revenues, gross profit, income or loss before extraordinary items and earnings per share data. It also includes an indication if the information in the note is unaudited, comments on the aggregate effect of year-end adjustments, and an explanation of matters or transactions that affect comparability or are pertinent to an understanding of the information furnished.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 6 -Section G -Subsection 1Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 270 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 12 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6372559&loc=d3e725-108305Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB) -Number 28 -Paragraph 23, 24 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 270 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 13 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6372559&loc=d3e765-108305Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB) -Number 28 -Paragraph 30 -Subparagraph a-j -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-K (SK) -Number 229 -Section 302 -Paragraph aReference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 270 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (a)-(j) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6952194&loc=d3e1280-108306
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
nonnum:textBlockItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration













XML
61
R29.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Policies)

12 Months Ended



Jun. 30, 2011



Accounting Principles

Accounting
Principles

The financial statements
and accompanying notes are prepared in accordance with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America
(“U.S. GAAP”).



Principles of Consolidation

Principles of
Consolidation

The financial statements
include the accounts of Microsoft Corporation and its subsidiaries.
Intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated. Equity
investments through which we exercise significant influence over
but do not control the investee and are not the primary beneficiary
of the investee’s activities are accounted for using the
equity method. Investments through which we are not able to
exercise significant influence over the investee and which do not
have readily determinable fair values are accounted for under the
cost method.



Estimates and Assumptions

Estimates and
Assumptions

Preparing financial
statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue,
and expenses. Examples include: estimates of loss contingencies,
product warranties, product life cycles, product returns, and
stock-based compensation forfeiture rates; assumptions such as the
elements comprising a software arrangement, including the
distinction between upgrades/enhancements and new products; when
technological feasibility is achieved for our products; the
potential outcome of future tax consequences of events that have
been recognized in our financial statements or tax returns;
estimating the fair value and/or goodwill impairment for our
reporting units; and determining when investment impairments are
other-than-temporary. Actual results and outcomes may differ from
management’s estimates and assumptions.



Foreign Currencies

Foreign Currencies

Assets and liabilities
recorded in foreign currencies are translated at the exchange rate
on the balance sheet date. Revenue and expenses are translated at
average rates of exchange prevailing during the year. Translation
adjustments resulting from this process are recorded to Other
Comprehensive Income (“OCI”).



Revenue Recognition

Revenue Recognition

Revenue is recognized
when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has
occurred, the fee is fixed or determinable, and collectibility is
probable. Revenue generally is recognized net of any taxes
collected from customers and subsequently remitted to governmental
authorities.

Revenue for retail
packaged products, products licensed to original equipment
manufacturers (“OEMs”), and perpetual licenses under
certain volume licensing programs generally is recognized as
products are shipped or made available. Revenue for products under
technology guarantee programs, which provide free or significantly
discounted rights to use upcoming new versions of a software
product if an end user licenses existing versions of the product
during the eligibility period, is allocated between existing
product and the new product, and revenue allocated to the new
product is deferred until that version is delivered. The revenue
allocation is based on vendor-specific objective evidence of fair
value of the products.

Certain multi-year
licensing arrangements include a perpetual license for current
products combined with rights to receive future versions of
software products on a when-and-if-available basis (“Software
Assurance”) and are accounted for as subscriptions, with
billings recorded as unearned revenue and recognized as revenue
ratably over the billing coverage period. Revenue from certain
arrangements that allow for the use of a product or service over a
period of time without taking possession of software are also
accounted for as subscriptions. Revenue for software products where
customers have the right to receive unspecified
upgrades/enhancements on a when-and-if-available basis and for
which vendor-specific objective evidence of fair value does not
exist for the upgrades/enhancements is recognized on a
straight-line basis over the estimated life of the
software.

Revenue related to our
Xbox 360 gaming and entertainment console, Kinect for Xbox 360,
games published by us, and other hardware components is generally
recognized when ownership is transferred to the resellers. Revenue
related to games published by third parties for use on the Xbox 360
platform is recognized when games are manufactured by the game
publishers.

Display advertising
revenue is recognized as advertisements are displayed. Search
advertising revenue is recognized when the ad appears in the search
results or when the action necessary to earn the revenue has been
completed. Consulting services revenue is recognized as services
are rendered, generally based on the negotiated hourly rate in the
consulting arrangement and the number of hours worked during the
period. Consulting revenue for fixed-price services arrangements is
recognized as services are provided. Revenue from prepaid points
redeemable for the purchase of software or services is recognized
upon redemption of the points and delivery of the software or
services.



Cost of Revenue

Cost of Revenue

Cost of revenue includes;
manufacturing and distribution costs for products sold and programs
licensed; operating costs related to product support service
centers and product distribution centers; costs incurred to include
software on PCs sold by OEMs, to drive traffic to our Web sites,
and to acquire online advertising space (“traffic acquisition
costs”); costs incurred to support and maintain
Internet-based products and services, including royalties; warranty
costs; inventory valuation adjustments; costs associated with the
delivery of consulting services; and the amortization of
capitalized research and development costs. Capitalized research
and development costs are amortized over the estimated lives of the
products.



Product Warranty

Product Warranty

We provide for the
estimated costs of fulfilling our obligations under hardware and
software warranties at the time the related revenue is recognized.
For hardware warranties, we estimate the costs based on historical
and projected product failure rates, historical and projected
repair costs, and knowledge of specific product failures (if any).
The specific hardware warranty terms and conditions vary depending
upon the product sold and the country in which we do business, but
generally include parts and labor over a period generally ranging
from 90 days to three years. For software warranties, we
estimate the costs to provide bug fixes, such as security patches,
over the estimated life of the software. We regularly reevaluate
our estimates to assess the adequacy of the recorded warranty
liabilities and adjust the amounts as necessary.



Research and Development

Research and
Development

Research and development
expenses include payroll, employee benefits, stock-based
compensation expense, and other headcount-related expenses
associated with product development. Research and development
expenses also include third-party development and programming
costs, localization costs incurred to translate software for
international markets, and the amortization of purchased software
code and services content. Such costs related to software
development are included in research and development expense until
the point that technological feasibility is reached, which for our
software products, is generally shortly before the products are
released to manufacturing. Once technological feasibility is
reached, such costs are capitalized and amortized to cost of
revenue over the estimated lives of the products.



Sales and Marketing

Sales and Marketing

Sales and marketing
expenses include payroll, employee benefits, stock-based
compensation expense, and other headcount-related expenses
associated with sales and marketing personnel, and the costs of
advertising, promotions, trade shows, seminars, and other programs.
Advertising costs are expensed as incurred. Advertising expense was
$1.9 billion, $1.6 billion, and $1.4 billion in fiscal years 2011,
2010, and 2009, respectively.



Employee Severance

Employee Severance

We record employee
severance when a specific plan has been approved by management, the
plan has been communicated to employees, and it is unlikely that
significant changes will be made to the plan. In January 2009, we
announced and implemented a resource management program to reduce
discretionary operating expenses, employee headcount, and capital
expenditures. Severance expenses associated with this program were
$59 million and $330 million in fiscal years 2010 and 2009,
respectively, and are included in general and administrative
expenses.



Stock-Based Compensation

Stock-Based
Compensation

We measure stock-based
compensation cost at the grant date based on the fair value of the
award and recognize it as expense over the vesting or service
period, as applicable, of the stock award (generally four to five
years) using the straight-line method.



Employee Stock Purchase Plan

Employee Stock Purchase
Plan

Shares of our common
stock may be purchased by employees at three-month intervals at 90%
of the fair market value of the stock on the last day of each
three-month period. Compensation expense for the employee stock
purchase plan is measured as the discount the employee is entitled
to upon purchase and is recognized in the period of
purchase.



Income Taxes

Income Taxes

Income tax expense
includes U.S. and international income taxes, the provision for
U.S. taxes on undistributed earnings of international subsidiaries
not deemed to be permanently invested, and interest and penalties
on uncertain tax positions. Certain income and expenses are not
reported in tax returns and financial statements in the same year.
The tax effect of such temporary differences is reported as
deferred income taxes. The deferred income taxes are classified as
current or long-term based on the classification of the related
asset or liability.



Fair Value Measurements

Fair Value
Measurements

We account for certain
assets and liabilities at fair value. The hierarchy below lists
three levels of fair value based on the extent to which inputs used
in measuring fair value are observable in the market. We
categorize each of our fair value measurements in one of these
three levels based on the lowest level input that is significant to
the fair value measurement in its entirety. These levels
are:

 


 
•
 

Level 1 – inputs are based upon unadjusted quoted
prices for identical instruments traded in active markets. Our
Level 1 non-derivative investments primarily include U.S.
treasuries, domestic and international equities, and actively
traded mutual funds. Our Level 1 derivative assets and
liabilities include those actively traded on exchanges.




 


 
•
 

Level 2 – inputs are based upon quoted prices for
similar instruments in active markets, quoted prices for identical
or similar instruments in markets that are not active, and
model-based valuation techniques (e.g. the Black-Scholes model) for
which all significant inputs are observable in the market or can be
corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full
term of the assets or liabilities. Where applicable, these models
project future cash flows and discount the future amounts to a
present value using market-based observable inputs including
interest rate curves, foreign exchange rates, and forward and spot
prices for currencies and commodities. Our Level 2 non-derivative
investments consist primarily of corporate notes and bonds,
mortgage-backed securities, agency securities, certificates of
deposit, and commercial paper. Our Level 2 derivative assets and
liabilities primarily include certain over-the-counter option and
swap contracts.




 


 
•
 

Level 3 – inputs are generally unobservable and
typically reflect management’s estimates of assumptions that
market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability.
The fair values are therefore determined using model-based
techniques, including option pricing models and discounted cash
flow models. Our Level 3 non-derivative assets primarily comprise
investments in certain corporate bonds. We value these
corporate bonds using internally developed valuation models, inputs
to which include interest rate curves, credit spreads, stock
prices, and volatilities. Unobservable inputs used in these models
are significant to the fair values of the investments. Our Level 3
derivative assets and liabilities primarily comprise derivatives
for foreign equities. In certain cases, market-based observable
inputs are not available and we use management judgment to develop
assumptions to determine fair value for these
derivatives.




We measure certain
assets, including our cost and equity method investments, at fair
value on a nonrecurring basis when they are deemed to be
other-than-temporarily impaired. The fair values of these
investments are determined based on valuation techniques using the
best information available, and may include quoted market prices,
market comparables, and discounted cash flow projections. An
impairment charge is recorded when the cost of the investment
exceeds its fair value and this condition is determined to be
other-than-temporary.

Our current financial
liabilities have fair values that approximate their carrying
values. Our long-term financial liabilities consist of long-term
debt which is recorded on the balance sheet at issuance price less
unamortized discount.



Financial Instruments

Financial
Instruments

We consider all highly
liquid interest-earning investments with a maturity of three months
or less at the date of purchase to be cash equivalents. The fair
values of these investments approximate their carrying values. In
general, investments with original maturities of greater than three
months and remaining maturities of less than one year are
classified as short-term investments. Investments with maturities
beyond one year may be classified as short-term based on their
highly liquid nature and because such marketable securities
represent the investment of cash that is available for current
operations. All cash equivalents and short-term investments are
classified as available-for-sale and realized gains and losses are
recorded using the specific identification method. Changes in
market value, excluding other-than-temporary impairments, are
reflected in OCI.

Equity and other
investments classified as long-term include both debt and equity
instruments. Debt and publicly-traded equity securities are
classified as available-for-sale and realized gains and losses are
recorded using the specific identification method. Changes in
market value, excluding other-than-temporary impairments, are
reflected in OCI. Common and preferred stock and other investments
that are restricted for more than one year or are not publicly
traded are recorded at cost or using the equity method.

We lend certain
fixed-income and equity securities to increase investment returns.
The loaned securities continue to be carried as investments on our
balance sheet. Cash and/or security interests are received as
collateral for the loan securities with the amount determined based
upon the underlying security lent and the creditworthiness of the
borrower. Cash received is recorded as an asset with a
corresponding liability.

Investments are
considered to be impaired when a decline in fair value is judged to
be other-than-temporary. Fair value is calculated based on publicly
available market information or other estimates determined by
management. We employ a systematic methodology on a quarterly basis
that considers available quantitative and qualitative evidence in
evaluating potential impairment of our investments. If the cost of
an investment exceeds its fair value, we evaluate, among other
factors, general market conditions, credit quality of debt
instrument issuers, the duration and extent to which the fair value
is less than cost, and for equity securities, our intent and
ability to hold, or plans to sell, the investment. For fixed-income
securities, we also evaluate whether we have plans to sell the
security or it is more likely than not that we will be required to
sell the security before recovery. We also consider specific
adverse conditions related to the financial health of and business
outlook for the investee, including industry and sector
performance, changes in technology, and operational and financing
cash flow factors. Once a decline in fair value is determined to be
other-than-temporary, an impairment charge is recorded to other
income (expense) and a new cost basis in the investment is
established.

 

Derivative instruments
are recognized as either assets or liabilities and are measured at
fair value. The accounting for changes in the fair value of a
derivative depends on the intended use of the derivative and the
resulting designation.

For a derivative
instrument designated as a fair-value hedge, the gain (loss) is
recognized in earnings in the period of change together with the
offsetting loss or gain on the hedged item attributed to the risk
being hedged. For options designated as fair-value hedges, changes
in the time value are excluded from the assessment of hedge
effectiveness and are recognized in earnings.

For derivative
instruments designated as cash-flow hedges, the effective portion
of the derivative’s gain (loss) is initially reported as a
component of OCI and is subsequently recognized in earnings when
the hedged exposure is recognized in earnings. For options
designated as cash-flow hedges, changes in the time value are
excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness and are
recognized in earnings. Gains (losses) on derivatives representing
either hedge components excluded from the assessment of
effectiveness or hedge ineffectiveness are recognized in
earnings.

For derivative
instruments that are not designated as hedges, gains (losses) from
changes in fair values are primarily recognized in other income
(expense). Other than those derivatives entered into for investment
purposes, such as commodity contracts, the gains (losses) are
generally economically offset by unrealized gains (losses) in the
underlying available-for-sale securities, which are recorded as a
component of OCI until the securities are sold or
other-than-temporarily impaired, at which time the amounts are
moved from OCI into other income (expense).



Allowance for Doubtful Accounts

Allowance for Doubtful
Accounts

The allowance for
doubtful accounts reflects our best estimate of probable losses
inherent in the accounts receivable balance. We determine the
allowance based on known troubled accounts, historical experience,
and other currently available evidence.



Inventories

Inventories

Inventories are stated at
the lower of cost or market, using the average cost method. Cost
includes materials, labor, and manufacturing overhead related to
the purchase and production of inventories. We regularly review
inventory quantities on hand, future purchase commitments with our
suppliers, and the estimated utility of our inventory. If our
review indicates a reduction in utility below carrying value, we
reduce our inventory to a new cost basis through a charge to cost
of revenue.



Property and Equipment

Property and
Equipment

Property and equipment is
stated at cost and depreciated using the straight-line method over
the shorter of the estimated useful life of the asset or the lease
term. The estimated useful lives of our property and equipment are
generally as follows: computer software developed or acquired for
internal use, three years; computer equipment, two to three years;
buildings and improvements, five to 15 years; leasehold
improvements, two to 10 years; and furniture and equipment, one to
five years. Land is not depreciated.



Goodwill

Goodwill

Goodwill is tested for
impairment at the reporting unit level (operating segment or one
level below an operating segment) on an annual basis (May 1 for us)
and between annual tests if an event occurs or circumstances change
that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a
reporting unit below its carrying value.



Intangible Assets

Intangible Assets

All of our intangible
assets are subject to amortization and are amortized using the
straight-line method over their estimated period of benefit,
ranging from one to 10 years. We evaluate the recoverability of
intangible assets periodically by taking into account events or
circumstances that may warrant revised estimates of useful lives or
that indicate the asset may be impaired.



Recently adopted accounting pronouncements

Recently adopted accounting
pronouncements

On July 1, 2010, we
adopted guidance issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board
(“FASB”) on revenue recognition. Under the new guidance
on arrangements that include software elements, tangible products
that have software components that are essential to the
functionality of the tangible product are no longer within the
scope of the software revenue recognition guidance, and
software-enabled products are now subject to other relevant revenue
recognition guidance. Additionally, the FASB issued guidance on
revenue arrangements with multiple deliverables that are outside
the scope of the software revenue recognition guidance. Under the
new guidance, when vendor specific objective evidence or third
party evidence for deliverables in an arrangement cannot be
determined, a best estimate of the selling price is required to
separate deliverables and allocate arrangement consideration using
the relative selling price method. The new guidance includes new
disclosure requirements on how the application of the relative
selling price method affects the timing and amount of revenue
recognition. Adoption of the new guidance did not have a material
impact on our financial statements.

On July 1, 2010, we
adopted new guidance issued by the FASB on the consolidation of
variable interest entities. The new guidance requires revised
evaluations of whether entities represent variable interest
entities, ongoing assessments of control over such entities, and
additional disclosures for variable interests. Adoption of the new
guidance did not have a material impact on our financial
statements.



Recent accounting pronouncements not yet adopted

Recent accounting pronouncements
not yet adopted

In June 2011, the FASB
issued guidance on presentation of comprehensive income. The
new guidance eliminates the current option to report other
comprehensive income and its components in the statement of changes
in equity. Instead, an entity will be required to present
either a continuous statement of net income and other comprehensive
income or in two separate but consecutive statements. The new
guidance will be effective for us beginning July 1, 2012 and
will have presentation changes only.

In May 2011, the FASB
issued guidance to amend the accounting and disclosure requirements
on fair value measurements. The new guidance limits the
highest-and-best-use measure to nonfinancial assets, permits
certain financial assets and liabilities with offsetting positions
in market or counterparty credit risks to be measured at a net
basis, and provides guidance on the applicability of premiums and
discounts. Additionally, the new guidance expands the
disclosures on Level 3 inputs by requiring quantitative disclosure
of the unobservable inputs and assumptions, as well as description
of the valuation processes and the sensitivity of the fair value to
changes in unobservable inputs. The new guidance will be effective
for us beginning January 1, 2012. Other than requiring
additional disclosures, we do not anticipate material impacts on
our financial statements upon adoption.

 

In January 2010, the FASB
issued guidance to amend the disclosure requirements related to
fair value measurements. The guidance requires the disclosure of
roll forward activities on purchases, sales, issuance, and
settlements of the assets and liabilities measured using
significant unobservable inputs (Level 3 fair value measurements).
The guidance will become effective for us with the reporting period
beginning July 1, 2011. Other than requiring additional
disclosures, the adoption of this new guidance will not have a
material impact on our financial statements.






X



- Definition
Disclosure of how an entity determines the level of its allowance for doubtful accounts for its trade and other accounts receivable balances, and when impairments, charge-offs or recoveries are recognized. The description identifies the factors that influence management's establishment of the level of the allowance (for example, historical losses and existing economic conditions) and may also include discussion of the risk elements relevant to particular categories of receivables.
+ Details


 Name:
msft_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsPolicyTextBlock


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
nonnum:textBlockItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The entire disclosure for the basis of accounting, or basis of presentation, used to prepare the financial statements (for example, US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting, IFRS)
+ Details


 Name:
msft_BasisOfAccountingPolicyTextBlock


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
nonnum:textBlockItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The disclosures related to a new accounting pronouncement that has been issued but not yet adopted.
+ Details


 Name:
msft_DescriptionOfNewAccountingPronouncementsNotYetAdoptedPolicyTextBlock


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
nonnum:textBlockItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Describes the entity's accounting policy for recognizing and reporting costs associated with the company's employee stock purchase plan.
+ Details


 Name:
msft_EmployeeStockPurchasePlanPolicyTextBlock


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
nonnum:textBlockItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Describes an entity's accounting policies for investments in financial assets, including marketable securities (debt and equity securities with readily determinable fair values), investments accounted for under the equity method and cost method, securities borrowed and loaned, and repurchase and resale agreements. For marketable securities, the description may include the entity's accounting treatment for transfers between investment categories and how the fair values for such securities are determined. Also, for all investments, an entity may describe its policy for assessing, recognizing and measuring impairment of the investment. Also includes the accounting policies for its derivative instruments and its financial liabilities, which consist of short-tern and long-term debt.
+ Details


 Name:
msft_FinancialInstrumentsPolicyTextBlock


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
nonnum:textBlockItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Disclosure of changes in accounting principles, including adoption of new accounting pronouncements, that describes the new methods, amount and effects on financial statement line items.
+ Details


 Name:
msft_RecentlyAdoptedAccountingStandardsPolicyTextBlock


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
nonnum:textBlockItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Describes the entity's policies for sales and marketing expenses, which include payroll and related costs for sales and marketing personnel and costs of advertising (such as promotions, tradeshows and seminars).
+ Details


 Name:
msft_SellingAndMarketingPolicyTextBlock


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
nonnum:textBlockItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Disclosure of accounting policy regarding (1) the principles it follows in consolidating or combining the separate financial statements, including the principles followed in determining the inclusion or exclusion of subsidiaries or other entities in the consolidated or combined financial statements and (2) its treatment of interests (for example, common stock, a partnership interest or other means of exerting influence) in other entities, for example consolidation or use of the equity or cost methods of accounting.  The accounting policy may also address the accounting treatment for intercompany accounts and transactions, noncontrolling interest, and the income statement treatment in consolidation for issuances of stock by a subsidiary.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph 2-6 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 3A -Section 02, 03Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 810 -SubTopic 10 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/subtopic&trid=2197480Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB) -Number 18 -Paragraph 20 -Subparagraph a(2) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) -Number 97-2 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) -Number 96-16 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name FASB Interpretation (FIN) -Number 46R -Paragraph 4 -Subparagraph d -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name FASB Interpretation (FIN) -Number 46R -Paragraph 4 -Subparagraph c -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 810 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3A-02) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6959686&loc=d3e355033-122828Reference 10: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name FASB Interpretation (FIN) -Number 46R -Paragraph 14, 15 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 11: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph k -Article 1Reference 12: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 325 -SubTopic 20 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/subtopic&trid=2197087Reference 13: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 860 -SubTopic 40 -Section 45 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/section&trid=2197723Reference 14: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 323 -SubTopic 10 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/subtopic&trid=2196966Reference 15: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB) -Number 18 -Paragraph 5, 6, 16-19 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 16: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18780-107790Reference 17: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 140 -Paragraph 46 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 18: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 323 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6382870&loc=d3e33801-111570Reference 19: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 810 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6921930&loc=d3e5614-111684
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_ConsolidationPolicyTextBlock


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
nonnum:textBlockItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Disclosure of accounting policy for recognition of costs in the period which correspond to the sales and revenue categories presented in the statement of operations. The accounting policy may include the amount and nature of costs incurred, provisions associated with inventories, purchase discounts, freight and other costs included in cost of sales incurred and recorded in the period. This disclosure also includes the nature of costs of sales incurred and recorded in the statement of operations for the period relating to transactions with related parties.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 605 -SubTopic 50 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/subtopic&trid=2197414Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 605 -SubTopic 50 -Section 45 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6408645&loc=d3e63676-111659Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 5 -Section 03 -Paragraph 2Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18780-107790Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.2) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6880815&loc=d3e20235-122688
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_CostOfSalesPolicyTextBlock


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
nonnum:textBlockItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Disclosure of accounting policy for recognizing and reporting costs associated with exiting, disposing of, and restructuring certain operations.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 420 -SubTopic 10 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/subtopic&trid=2175746Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 420 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 5.P.3,4) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6394695&loc=d3e140864-122747Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 146 -Paragraph 20 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 5 -Section P -Subsection 3, 4Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18780-107790
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_CostsAssociatedWithExitOrDisposalActivitiesOrRestructuringsPolicyTextBlock


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
nonnum:textBlockItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Disclosure of accounting policy for determining the fair value of financial instruments.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 107 -Paragraph 8, 10, 12, 13, 14 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18780-107790Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 820 -SubTopic 10 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/subtopic&trid=2155942
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_FairValueOfFinancialInstrumentsPolicy


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
nonnum:textBlockItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Disclosure of accounting policy for (1) transactions denominated in a currency other than the reporting enterprise's functional currency, (2) translating foreign currency financial statements that are incorporated into the financial statements of the reporting enterprise by consolidation, combination, or the equity method of accounting, and (3) remeasurement of the financial statements of a foreign reporting enterprise in a hyperinflationary economy.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 830 -SubTopic 10 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/subtopic&trid=2175826Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 830 -SubTopic 30 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/subtopic&trid=2175892Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 52 -Paragraph 5, 7-20, 80 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18780-107790Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 830 -SubTopic 20 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/subtopic&trid=2175856
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyTransactionsAndTranslationsPolicyTextBlock


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
nonnum:textBlockItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Disclosure of accounting policy for goodwill. This accounting policy also may address how an entity assesses and measures impairment of goodwill, how reporting units are determined, how goodwill is allocated to such units, and how the fair values of the reporting units are determined.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 142 -Paragraph 18-23, 26, 34 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18780-107790Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 350 -SubTopic 20 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/subtopic&trid=2144439
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsGoodwillPolicy


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
nonnum:textBlockItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes, which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances, recognizing investment tax credits, operating loss carryforwards, tax credit carryforwards, and other carryforwards, methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 954 -SubTopic 740 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6491622&loc=d3e9504-115650Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/subtopic&trid=2144681Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 6-34, 43, 47, 49 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 17 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32809-109319Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB) -Number 4 -Paragraph 11 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907571&loc=d3e32280-109318Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name FASB Interpretation (FIN) -Number 48 -Paragraph 20 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 30 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/subtopic&trid=2144749Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 25 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907571&loc=d3e32247-109318Reference 10: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18780-107790Reference 11: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 19 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32840-109319
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
nonnum:textBlockItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Disclosure of accounting policy for finite-lived intangible assets. This accounting policy also might address: (1) the amortization method used; (2) the useful lives of such assets; and (3) how the entity assesses and measures impairment of such assets.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 350 -SubTopic 30 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/subtopic&trid=2144471Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 144 -Paragraph 7-18, 22 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 142 -Paragraph 11-15 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18780-107790
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsFiniteLivedPolicy


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
nonnum:textBlockItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Disclosure of accounting policy for major classes of inventories, bases of stating inventories (for example, lower of cost or market), methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes (for example, FIFO, LIFO, or average cost), loss recognition on impairment of inventories, and situations in which inventories are stated above cost. If inventory is carried at cost, this disclosure includes the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6361739&loc=d3e7789-107766Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 330 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6386783&loc=d3e4556-108314Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 43 -Chapter 3 -Section A -Paragraph 9 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 330 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6386783&loc=d3e4492-108314Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Statement of Position (SOP) -Number 81-1 -Paragraph 69-75 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 330 -SubTopic 10 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/subtopic&trid=2126999Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 6 -Subparagraph a -Article 5Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.6(b)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 43 -Chapter 4 -Paragraph 3, 5-10, 15, 16, 17 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 10: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Financial Reporting Release (FRR) -Number 206 -Chapter 2 -Paragraph b -Subparagraph i, iiReference 11: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18780-107790
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_InventoryPolicyTextBlock


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
nonnum:textBlockItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Disclosure of accounting policy for property, plant and equipment which may include the basis of such assets, depreciation methods used and estimated useful lives, the entity's capitalization policy, including its accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance activities, whether such asset balances include capitalized interest and the method by which such is calculated, how disposals of such assets are accounted for and how impairment of such assets is assessed and recognized.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18780-107790Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 13 -Subparagraph a -Article 5Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB) -Number 12 -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph d -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.13(a)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB) -Number 22 -Paragraph 12, 13 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 360 -SubTopic 10 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/subtopic&trid=2155824Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 144 -Paragraph 7 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 43 -Chapter 9 -Section C -Paragraph 5 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 34 -Paragraph 8, 9 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
nonnum:textBlockItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Disclosure of accounting policy for its research and development and computer software activities including the accounting treatment for costs incurred for (1) research and development activities, (2) development of computer software for internal use, (3) computer software to be sold, leased or otherwise marketed as a separate product or as part of a product or process and (4) in-process research and development acquired in a purchase business combination.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.15) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 985 -SubTopic 20 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/subtopic&trid=2197796Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Statement of Position (SOP) -Number 98-1 -Paragraph 12, 17-38, 41 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Research and Development -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6523717Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) -Number 00-2 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 350 -SubTopic 40 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/subtopic&trid=2144505Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name FASB Interpretation (FIN) -Number 4 -Paragraph 4, 5 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 350 -SubTopic 50 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/subtopic&trid=2144537Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 86 -Paragraph 3-12 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 10: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 2 -Paragraph 8, 12, 13 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 11: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18780-107790
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_ResearchDevelopmentAndComputerSoftwarePolicyTextBlock


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
nonnum:textBlockItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Disclosure of accounting policy for revenue recognition. If the entity has different policies for different types of revenue transactions, the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example, delivery of multiple products, services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18726-107790Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 605 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 13.B.Q1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6600647&loc=d3e214044-122780Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB) -Number 22 -Paragraph 8, 12, 13 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18823-107790Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 13 -Section B -Paragraph Question 1Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18780-107790
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_RevenueRecognitionPolicyTextBlock


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
nonnum:textBlockItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Disclosure of accounting policy for stock option and stock incentive plans. This disclosure may include (1) the types of stock option or incentive plans sponsored by the entity (2) the groups that participate in (or are covered by) each plan (3) significant plan provisions and (4) how stock compensation is measured, and the methodologies and significant assumptions used to determine that measurement.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/subtopic&trid=2228939Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (b),(f) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph A240 -Subparagraph a -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) -Number 06-11 -Paragraph 7 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18780-107790
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationOptionAndIncentivePlansPolicy


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
nonnum:textBlockItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Disclosure of accounting policy for standard warranties including the methodology for measuring the liability.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name FASB Interpretation (FIN) -Number 45 -Paragraph 14 -Subparagraph a, b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18780-107790Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 460 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 8 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6398077&loc=d3e12565-110249
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_StandardProductWarrantyPolicy


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
nonnum:textBlockItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Disclosure of accounting policy for the use of estimates in the preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 275 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6927468&loc=d3e6061-108592Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Statement of Position (SOP) -Number 94-6 -Paragraph 11, 14 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 275 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 9 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6927468&loc=d3e6143-108592Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 275 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 8 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6927468&loc=d3e6132-108592
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_UseOfEstimates


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
nonnum:textBlockItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration













XML
62
R3.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


BALANCE SHEETS (USD $)In Millions


Jun. 30, 2011


Jun. 30, 2010



Current assets:
 
 


Cash and cash equivalents
$ 9,610
$ 5,505


Short-term investments (including securities loaned of $1,181 and $62)
43,162
31,283


Total cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments
52,772
36,788


Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of $333 and $375
14,987
13,014


Inventories
1,372
740


Deferred income taxes
2,467
2,184


Other
3,320
2,950


Total current assets
74,918
55,676


Property and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation of $9,829 and $8,629
8,162
7,630


Equity and other investments
10,865
7,754


Goodwill
12,581
12,394


Intangible assets, net
744
1,158


Other long-term assets
1,434
1,501


Total assets
108,704
86,113


Current liabilities:
 
 


Accounts payable
4,197
4,025


Short-term debt
0
1,000


Accrued compensation
3,575
3,283


Income taxes
580
1,074


Short-term unearned revenue
15,722
13,652


Securities lending payable
1,208
182


Other
3,492
2,931


Total current liabilities
28,774
26,147


Long-term debt
11,921
4,939


Long-term unearned revenue
1,398
1,178


Deferred income taxes
1,456
229


Other long-term liabilities
8,072
7,445


Total liabilities
51,621
39,938


Commitments and contingencies
 
 


Stockholders' equity:
 
 


Common stock and paid-in capital - shares authorized 24,000; outstanding 8,376 and 8,668
63,415
62,856


Retained deficit, including accumulated other comprehensive income of $1,863 and $1,055
(6,332)
(16,681)


Total stockholders' equity
57,083
46,175


Total liabilities and stockholders' equity
$ 108,704
$ 86,113





X



- Definition
Retained Earnings (Accumulated Deficit) and Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Tax
+ Details


 Name:
msft_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficitAndAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of liabilities incurred (and for which invoices have typically been received) and payable to vendors for goods and services received that are used in an entity's business. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 19 -Subparagraph a -Article 5Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(a)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
Amount due from customers or clients, within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle, whichever is longer), for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business, reduced to the estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 3 -Subparagraph a(1) -Article 5Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 4 -Article 5Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.3-4) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of the unpaid sum of the known and estimated amounts payable to satisfy all currently due domestic and foreign income tax obligations.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 7 -Section 03 -Paragraph 15 -Subparagraph b(1)Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 9 -Section 03 -Paragraph 15Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 20 -Article 5Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.20) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Section Appendix E -Paragraph 289 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name FASB Interpretation (FIN) -Number 48 -Paragraph 15, 21 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_AccruedIncomeTaxesCurrent


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are recognized. Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 7 -Section 03 -Paragraph 12Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 -Section S99 -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Publisher FASB -Paragraph 1Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Concepts (CON) -Number 6 -Paragraph 25 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 18 -Article 5Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.18) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_Assets


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash, sold, or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle, if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6361293&loc=d3e6801-107765Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Section 45 -SubTopic 10 -Topic 210 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6361293&loc=d3e6676-107765 -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Paragraph 1Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 9 -Article 5Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.9) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6361293&loc=d3e6676-107765
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_AssetsCurrent


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Details


 Name:
us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Investments in debt and equity securities which are categorized neither as trading securities nor held-to-maturity securities and which are intended be sold or mature within one year from the balance sheet date or the normal operating cycle, whichever is longer. Such securities are reported at fair value; unrealized gains (losses) related to Available-for-sale Securities are excluded from earnings and reported in a separate component of shareholders' equity (other comprehensive income), unless the Available-for-sale security is designated as a hedge or is determined to have had an other than temporary decline in fair value below its amortized cost basis. All or a portion of the unrealized holding gain (loss) of an Available-for-sale security that is designated as being hedged in a fair value hedge is recognized in earnings during the period of the hedge, as are other than temporary declines in fair value below the cost basis for investments in equity securities and debt securities that an entity intends to sell or it is more likely than not that it will be required to sell before the recovery of its amortized cost basis. Other than temporary declines in fair value below the cost basis for debt securities categorized as Available-for-sale that an entity does not intend to sell and for which it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell before the recovery of its amortized cost basis are bifurcated into credit losses and losses related to all other factors. Other than temporary declines in fair value below cost basis related to credit losses are recognized in earnings, and losses related to all other factors are recognized in other comprehensive income.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 320 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6871852&loc=d3e26626-111562Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 133 -Paragraph 22 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 115 -Paragraph 16 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name FASB Staff Position (FSP) -Number FAS115-1/124-1 -Paragraph 15D -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 115 -Paragraph 12 -Subparagraph b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name FASB Staff Position (FSP) -Number FAS115-1/124-1 -Paragraph 15C -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 115 -Paragraph 13, 17 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 43 -Chapter 3 -Section A -Paragraph 4, 5 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 320 -SubTopic 10 -Section 25 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6379932&loc=d3e22054-111558
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesCurrent


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
Includes currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. It also includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits in that the Entity may deposit additional funds at any time and also effectively may withdraw funds at any time without prior notice or penalty. Cash equivalents, excluding items classified as marketable securities, include short-term, highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash, and so near their maturity that they present minimal risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Generally, only investments with original maturities of three months or less qualify under that definition. Original maturity means original maturity to the entity holding the investment. For example, both a three-month US Treasury bill and a three-year Treasury note purchased three months from maturity qualify as cash equivalents. However, a Treasury note purchased three years ago does not become a cash equivalent when its remaining maturity is three months. Compensating balance arrangements that do not legally restrict the withdrawal or usage of cash amounts may be reported as Cash and Cash Equivalents, while legally restricted deposits held as compensating balances against borrowing arrangements, contracts entered into with others, or company statements of intention with regard to particular deposits are not generally reported as cash and cash equivalents. Includes cash and cash equivalents associated with the entity's continuing operations. Excludes cash and cash equivalents associated with the disposal group (and discontinued operation).
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 1 -Article 5Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 7 -Footnote 1 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6943989&loc=d3e3044-108585Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 8, 9 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6361293&loc=d3e6676-107765Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Cash -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6506951Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 7, 26 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Cash Equivalents -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6507016
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
Cash includes currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. It also includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits in that the customer may deposit additional funds at any time and effectively may withdraw funds at any time without prior notice or penalty. Cash equivalents, excluding items classified as marketable securities, include short-term, highly liquid Investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash, and so near their maturity that they present minimal risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Generally, only investments with original maturities of three months or less qualify under that definition. Original maturity means original maturity to the entity holding the investment. For example, both a three-month US Treasury bill and a three-year Treasury note purchased three months from maturity qualify as cash equivalents. However, a Treasury note purchased three years ago does not become a cash equivalent when its remaining maturity is three months. Short-term investments, exclusive of cash equivalents, generally consist of marketable securities intended to be sold within one year (or the normal operating cycle if longer) and may include trading securities, available-for-sale securities, or held-to-maturity securities (if maturing within one year), as applicable.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Cash Equivalents -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6507016Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 1 -Article 5Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 7, 8, 9, 10 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Cash -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6506951
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsAndShortTermInvestments


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
Represents the caption on the face of the balance sheet to indicate that the entity has entered into (1) purchase or supply arrangements that will require expending a portion of its resources to meet the terms thereof, and (2) is exposed to potential losses or, less frequently, gains, arising from (a) possible claims against a company's resources due to future performance under contract terms, and (b) possible losses or likely gains from uncertainties that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events that are deemed likely to occur do occur or fail to occur.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 942 -SubTopic 210 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-03.17) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 17 -Article 9Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 7 -Section 03 -Paragraph 19Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 25 -Article 5Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 210 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a),19) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879938&loc=d3e572229-122910Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 450 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6952336&loc=d3e14326-108349Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 5 -Paragraph 8, 9 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.25) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingencies


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
Aggregate of par value plus amounts in excess of par value or issuance value (in cases of no-par value stock) for common stock held by shareholders. Aggregate value for common stock issued and outstanding.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29,30(a)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB) -Number 12 -Paragraph 10 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 30, 31 -Article 5
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_CommonStockIncludingAdditionalPaidInCapital


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
The carrying amount of consideration received or receivable as of the balance sheet date on potential earnings that were not recognized as revenue in conformity with GAAP, and which are expected to be recognized as such within one year or the normal operating cycle, if longer, including sales, license fees, and royalties, but excluding interest income.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 8 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6361293&loc=d3e6935-107765Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 43 -Chapter 3 -Section A -Paragraph 7, 8 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 13 -Section AReference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 605 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 13.A.4(a).Q1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6600647&loc=d3e214044-122780
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_DeferredRevenueCurrent


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
The noncurrent portion of deferred revenue amount as of balance sheet date. Deferred revenue is a liability related to a revenue producing activity for which revenue has not yet been recognized, and is not expected to be recognized in the next twelve months. Generally, an entity records deferred revenue when it receives consideration from a customer before achieving certain criteria that must be met for revenue to be recognized in conformity with GAAP.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 605 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 13.A.4(a).Q1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6600647&loc=d3e214044-122780Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 8 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6361293&loc=d3e6935-107765Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 43 -Chapter 3 -Section A -Paragraph 7, 8 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 13 -Section AReference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 48 -Paragraph 6 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_DeferredRevenueNoncurrent


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
The current portion of the aggregate tax effects as of the balance sheet date of all future tax deductions arising from temporary differences between tax basis and generally accepted accounting principles basis recognition of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, which can only be deducted for tax purposes when permitted under enacted tax laws; after deducting the allocated valuation allowance, if any, to reduce such amount to net realizable value. Deferred tax liabilities and assets are classified as current or noncurrent based on the classification of the related asset or liability for financial reporting. A deferred tax liability or asset that is not related to an asset or liability for financial reporting, including deferred tax assets related to carryforwards, are classified according to the expected reversal date of the temporary difference. An unrecognized tax benefit that is directly related to a position taken in a tax year that results in a net operating loss carryforward is presented as a reduction of the related deferred tax asset.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32537-109319Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 5 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907571&loc=d3e31928-109318Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 41, 42, 43 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 9 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907571&loc=d3e31958-109318Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907571&loc=d3e31917-109318Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 6 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907571&loc=d3e31931-109318
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetCurrent


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
Represents the noncurrent portion of deferred tax liabilities, which result from applying the applicable tax rate to net taxable temporary differences pertaining to each jurisdiction to which the entity is obligated to pay income tax. A noncurrent taxable temporary difference is a difference between the tax basis and the carrying amount of a noncurrent asset or liability in the financial statements prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. In a classified statement of financial position, an enterprise separates deferred tax liabilities and assets into a current amount and a noncurrent amount. Deferred tax liabilities and assets are classified as current or noncurrent based on the classification of the related asset or liability for financial reporting. A deferred tax liability or asset that is not related to an asset or liability for financial reporting, including deferred tax assets related to carryforwards, are classified according to the expected reversal date of the temporary difference.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 9 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907571&loc=d3e31958-109318Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 41, 42 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907571&loc=d3e31917-109318Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 6 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907571&loc=d3e31931-109318
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesNoncurrent


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
The amount of cash received as security in return for loaning securities to another party.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 16 -Article 9Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 942 -SubTopic 210 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-03.12) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_DepositsReceivedForSecuritiesLoanedAtCarryingValue


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
Total of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred through that date and payable for obligations related to services received from employees, such as accrued salaries and bonuses, payroll taxes and fringe benefits. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 20 -Article 5Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.20) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_EmployeeRelatedLiabilitiesCurrent


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
The aggregate sum of gross carrying value of a major finite-lived intangible asset class, less accumulated amortization and any impairment charges. A major class is composed of intangible assets that can be grouped together because they are similar, either by their nature or by their use in the operations of a company.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 142 -Paragraph 45 -Subparagraph a(1) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 350 -SubTopic 30 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (a)(1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6905858&loc=d3e16323-109275
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date, which is the cumulative amount paid and (if applicable) the fair value of any noncontrolling interest in the acquiree, adjusted for any amortization recognized prior to the adoption of any changes in generally accepted accounting principles (as applicable) and for any impairment charges, in excess of the fair value of net assets acquired in one or more business combination transactions.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 142 -Paragraph 45 -Subparagraph e -Clause 1 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 142 -Paragraph 43 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 141R -Paragraph 68 -Subparagraph l -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 142 -Paragraph 45 -Subparagraph e -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 141R -Paragraph 34 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 350 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6905597&loc=d3e13816-109267Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 350 -SubTopic 20 -Section 45 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6388280&loc=d3e13770-109266Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 141R -Paragraph 72 -Subparagraph d -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_Goodwill


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
Carrying amount (lower of cost or market) as of the balance sheet date of inventories less all valuation and other allowances. Excludes noncurrent inventory balances (expected to remain on hand past one year or one operating cycle, if longer).
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.6(a)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 330 -SubTopic 10 -Section 35 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6386567&loc=d3e3927-108312Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6361293&loc=d3e6676-107765
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_InventoryNet


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all liabilities that are recognized. Liabilities are probable future sacrifices of economic benefits arising from present obligations of an entity to transfer assets or provide services to other entities in the future.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19-26) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_Liabilities


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
Total of all Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity items (or Partners' Capital, as applicable), including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests, if any.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 32 -Article 5Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.32) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 7 -Section 03 -Paragraph 25
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle, if longer.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 21 -Article 5Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.21) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Details


 Name:
us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Sum of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of all long-term debt, which is debt initially having maturities due after one year from the balance sheet date or beyond the operating cycle, if longer, but excluding the portions thereof scheduled to be repaid within one year (current maturities) or the normal operating cycle, if longer, and after deducting unamortized discount or premiums, if any.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 22 -Article 5Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.22) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
The total amount of investments that are intended to be held for an extended period of time (longer than one operating cycle).
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.12) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_LongTermInvestments


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
Aggregate carrying amount, as of the balance sheet date, of current assets not separately disclosed in the balance sheet. Current assets are expected to be realized or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle, if longer).
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 8 -Article 5Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.8) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_OtherAssetsCurrent


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
Aggregate carrying amount, as of the balance sheet date, of noncurrent assets not separately disclosed in the balance sheet. Noncurrent assets are expected to be realized or consumed after one year (or the normal operating cycle, if longer).
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 17 -Article 5Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.17) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
Aggregate carrying amount, as of the balance sheet date, of obligations incurred and payable, pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature, are incurred on contractual obligations, or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered and of liabilities not separately disclosed in the balance sheet.  Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 6 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6361293&loc=d3e6911-107765Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 5 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6361293&loc=d3e6904-107765Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 20 -Article 5Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 43 -Chapter 3 -Section A -Paragraph 8 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 6 -Paragraph 15 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.20) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesCurrent


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
Aggregate carrying amount, as of the balance sheet date, of noncurrent obligations not separately disclosed in the balance sheet. Noncurrent liabilities are expected to be paid after one year (or the normal operating cycle, if longer).
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 24 -Article 5Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.24) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrent


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
Tangible assets that are held by an entity for use in the production or supply of goods and services, for rental to others, or for administrative purposes and that are expected to provide economic benefit for more than one year; net of accumulated depreciation. Examples include land, buildings, machinery and equipment, and other types of furniture and equipment including, but not limited to, office equipment, furniture and fixtures, and computer equipment and software.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.13) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 7 -Section 03 -Paragraph 8Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 13 -Subparagraph a -Article 5Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 12 -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph b, c -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 360 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391035&loc=d3e2868-110229
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
Reflects the total carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of debt having initial terms less than one year or the normal operating cycle, if longer.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(a)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 942 -SubTopic 210 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-03.13) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 19 -Subparagraph a -Article 5Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 210 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a),16(a)(1)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879938&loc=d3e572229-122910Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 13 -Article 9 -Subparagraph 2, 3Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 7 -Section 03 -Paragraph 16 -Subparagraph a(1)
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_ShortTermBorrowings


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items, net of receivables from officers, directors, owners, and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest, minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29-31) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph A3 -Appendix AReference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29, 30, 31 -Article 5Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 4 -Section EReference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 310 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 4.E) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6228006&loc=d3e74512-122707
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_StockholdersEquity


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Details


 Name:
us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration













XML
63
R30.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Tables)

12 Months Ended



Jun. 30, 2011



Allowance for Doubtful Accounts


Activity in the allowance
for doubtful accounts was as follows:

 


















(In millions)
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 















Year Ended June 30,
  
2011
 
 
2010
 
 
2009
 









Balance, beginning of
period

  
$
  375
  
 
$
   451
  
 
$
  153
  



Charged to costs and other

  
 
14
  
 
 
45
  
 
 
360
  



Write-offs

  
 
(56
) 
 
 
(121
) 
 
 
(62
) 






 






 









Balance, end of period

  
$
333
  
 
$
375
  
 
$
451
  


 
  






 






 













X



- Definition
The entity's schedule of allowance for doubtful accounts including beginning and ending balances, as well as a reconciliation by type of activity during the period.
+ Details


 Name:
msft_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsTableTextBlock


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
nonnum:textBlockItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration













XML
64
R31.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


EARNINGS PER SHARE (Tables)

12 Months Ended



Jun. 30, 2011



Basic and Diluted Earnings Per Share
The components of basic and
diluted EPS are as follows:

 


















(In millions, except earnings per share)
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 















Year Ended June 30,
  
2011
 
 
2010
 
 
2009
 









Net income available for common
shareholders (A)

  
$
  23,150
  
 
$
  18,760
  
 
$
  14,569
  









Weighted average outstanding shares
of common stock (B)

  
 
8,490
  
 
 
8,813
  
 
 
8,945
  



Dilutive effect of stock-based
awards

  
 
103
  
 
 
114
  
 
 
51
  






 






 









Common stock and common stock
equivalents (C)

  
 
8,593
  
 
 
8,927
  
 
 
8,996
  


 
  






 






 














Earnings Per Share
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 









Basic (A/B)

  
$
2.73
  
 
$
2.13
  
 
$
1.63
  



Diluted (A/C)

  
$
2.69
  
 
$
2.10
  
 
$
1.62
  





Shares Excluded from Computation of Diluted Earnings Per Share


We excluded the following
shares underlying stock-based awards from the calculations of
diluted EPS because their inclusion would have been
anti-dilutive:

 


















(In millions)
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 















Year Ended June 30,
  
2011
 
  
2010
 
  
2009
 









Shares excluded from calculations of
diluted EPS

  
 
21
  
  
 
28
  
  
 
342
  








X



- Definition
Tabular disclosure of securities (including those issuable pursuant to contingent stock agreements) that could potentially dilute basic earnings per share (EPS) in the future that were not included in the computation of diluted EPS because to do so would increase EPS amounts or decrease loss per share amounts for the period presented, by antidilutive securities.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 128 -Paragraph 40 -Subparagraph c -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (c) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_ScheduleOfAntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareTextBlock


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
nonnum:textBlockItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Tabular disclosure of the numerators and the denominators of the basic and diluted per-share (or per-unit) computations for income from continuing operations, including the effect that has been given to preferred dividends.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Publisher FASB -Number  -Article  -Subparagraph (a) -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Paragraph 1 -Section 50 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_ScheduleOfCalculationOfNumeratorAndDenominatorInEarningsPerShareTableTextBlock


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
nonnum:textBlockItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration













XML
65
R32.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE) (Tables)

12 Months Ended



Jun. 30, 2011



Components of Other Income (Expense)


The components of other
income (expense) were as follows:

 


















(In millions)
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 















Year Ended June 30,
  
2011
 
 
2010
 
 
2009
 









Dividends and interest
income

  
$
900
  
 
$
843
  
 
$
   744
  



Interest expense

  
 
   (295
) 
 
 
   (151
) 
 
 
(38
) 



Net recognized gains (losses) on
investments

  
 
439
  
 
 
348
  
 
 
(125
) 



Net losses on derivatives

  
 
(77
) 
 
 
(140
) 
 
 
(558
) 



Net gains (losses) on foreign
currency remeasurements

  
 
(26
) 
 
 
1
  
 
 
(509
) 



Other

  
 
(31
) 
 
 
14
  
 
 
(56
) 






 






 









Total

  
$
910
  
 
$
915
  
 
$
(542
) 


 
  






 






 










Net Recognized Gains (Losses) on Investments


Following are details of
net recognized gains (losses) on investments during the periods
reported:

 


















(In millions)
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 















Year Ended June 30,
  
2011
 
 
2010
 
 
2009
 









Other-than-temporary impairments of
investments

  
$
(80
) 
 
$
(69
) 
 
$
(862
) 



Realized gains from sales of
available-for-sale securities

  
 
734
  
 
 
605
  
 
 
  1,634
  



Realized losses from sales of
available-for-sale securities

  
 
   (215
) 
 
 
   (188
) 
 
 
(897
) 






 






 









Total

  
$
439
  
 
$
348
  
 
$
(125
) 


 
  






 






 













X



- Definition
Tabular disclosure of realized gains and losses on investments reported in the statement of income.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_RealizedGainLossOnInvestmentsTableTextBlock


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
nonnum:textBlockItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Tabular disclosure of the components of non-operating income or non-operating expense that may include amounts earned from dividends, interest on securities, gains (losses) on securities sold, equity earnings of unconsolidated affiliates, net gain (loss) on sales of business, interest expense and other miscellaneous income or expense items.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_ScheduleOfOtherNonoperatingIncomeExpenseTableTextBlock


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
nonnum:textBlockItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration













XML
66
R33.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


INVESTMENTS (Tables)

12 Months Ended



Jun. 30, 2011



Investment Components, Including Associated Derivatives


The components of
investments, including associated derivatives, were as
follows:

 


































(In millions)
  
Cost Basis
 
 


Unrealized

Gains

 
 


Unrealized

Losses

 
 


Recorded

Basis

 
 


Cash

and
Cash

Equivalents

 
 


Short-term

Investments

 
 


Equity

and
Other

Investments

 



















June 30, 2011
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 













Cash

  
$
1,648
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
1,648
  
 
$
  1,648
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
0
  



Mutual funds

  
 
1,752
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
1,752
  
 
 
1,752
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
0
  



Commercial paper

  
 
639
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
639
  
 
 
414
  
 
 
225
  
 
 
0
  



Certificates of deposit

  
 
598
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
598
  
 
 
372
  
 
 
226
  
 
 
0
  



U.S. government and agency
securities

  
 
33,607
  
 
 
162
  
 
 
(7
) 
 
 
33,762
  
 
 
2,049
  
 
 
31,713
  
 
 
0
  



Foreign government bonds

  
 
658
  
 
 
11
  
 
 
(2
) 
 
 
667
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
667
  
 
 
0
  



Mortgage-backed securities

  
 
2,307
  
 
 
121
  
 
 
(4
) 
 
 
2,424
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
2,424
  
 
 
0
  



Corporate notes and bonds

  
 
10,575
  
 
 
260
  
 
 
(11
) 
 
 
10,824
  
 
 
3,375
  
 
 
7,449
  
 
 
0
  



Municipal securities

  
 
441
  
 
 
15
  
 
 
(2
) 
 
 
454
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
454
  
 
 
0
  



Common and preferred stock

  
 
7,925
  
 
 
2,483
  
 
 
(193
) 
 
 
10,215
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
10,215
  



Other investments

  
 
654
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
654
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
4
  
 
 
650
  






 






 






 






 






 






 









Total

  
$
  60,804
  
 
$
  3,052
  
 
$
  (219
) 
 
$
  63,637
  
 
$
9,610
  
 
$
  43,162
  
 
$
  10,865
  


 
  






 






 






 






 






 






 


















(In millions)
  
Cost Basis
 
 


Unrealized

Gains

 
 


Unrealized

Losses

 
 


Recorded

Basis

 
 


Cash

and Cash

Equivalents

 
 


Short-term

Investments

 
 


Equity

and Other

Investments

 


















June 30, 2010
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 













Cash

  
$
1,661
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
1,661
  
 
$
1,661
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
0
  



Mutual funds

  
 
1,120
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
1,120
  
 
 
1,120
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
0
  



Commercial paper

  
 
188
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
188
  
 
 
13
  
 
 
175
  
 
 
0
  



Certificates of deposit

  
 
348
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
348
  
 
 
68
  
 
 
280
  
 
 
0
  



U.S. government and
agency securities

  
 
21,036
  
 
 
167
  
 
 
(1
) 
 
 
21,202
  
 
 
1,822
  
 
 
19,380
  
 
 
0
  



Foreign government bonds

  
 
518
  
 
 
13
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
531
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
531
  
 
 
0
  



Mortgage-backed securities

  
 
3,137
  
 
 
135
  
 
 
(7
) 
 
 
3,265
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
3,265
  
 
 
0
  



Corporate notes and bonds

  
 
7,450
  
 
 
289
  
 
 
(18
) 
 
 
7,721
  
 
 
701
  
 
 
7,020
  
 
 
0
  



Municipal securities

  
 
726
  
 
 
22
  
 
 
(1
) 
 
 
747
  
 
 
120
  
 
 
627
  
 
 
0
  



Common and preferred stock

  
 
6,640
  
 
 
1,030
  
 
 
(418
) 
 
 
7,252
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
7,252
  



Other investments

  
 
507
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
507
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
5
  
 
 
502
  






 






 






 






 






 






 









Total

  
$
43,331
  
 
$
1,656
  
 
$
(445
) 
 
$
44,542
  
 
$
5,505
  
 
$
31,283
  
 
$
7,754
  


 
  






 






 






 






 






 






 










Unrealized Loss Position Investments


Investments with
continuous unrealized losses for less than 12 months and 12 months
or greater and their related fair values were as
follows:

 






























 
  
Less than 12
Months
 
 
12 Months or
Greater
 
 


Total
Fair Value

 
 


Total
Unrealized
Losses

 



 
  






 






 
 


(In millions)
  
Fair Value
 
 
Unrealized
Losses
 
 
Fair Value
 
 
Unrealized
Losses
 
 
 

















June 30, 2011
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 












U.S. government and agency
securities

  
$
484
  
 
$
(7
) 
 
$
0
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
484
  
 
$
(7
) 



Foreign government bonds

  
 
365
  
 
 
(2
) 
 
 
0
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
365
  
 
 
(2
) 



Mortgage-backed securities

  
 
63
  
 
 
(3
) 
 
 
14
  
 
 
(1
) 
 
 
77
  
 
 
(4
) 



Corporate notes and bonds

  
 
750
  
 
 
(10
) 
 
 
25
  
 
 
(1
) 
 
 
775
  
 
 
(11
) 



Municipal securities

  
 
79
  
 
 
(2
) 
 
 
0
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
79
  
 
 
(2
) 



Common and preferred stock

  
 
1,377
  
 
 
(146
) 
 
 
206
  
 
 
(47
) 
 
 
1,583
  
 
 
(193
) 






 






 






 






 






 









Total

  
$
  3,118
  
 
$
  (170
) 
 
$
  245
  
 
$
  (49
) 
 
$
  3,363
  
 
$
  (219
) 


 
  






 






 






 






 






 















 
  
Less than 12
Months
 
 
12 Months or
Greater
 
 


Total
Fair Value

 
 

Total
Unrealized
Losses
 


 
  






 






 
 


(In millions)
  
Fair Value
 
 
Unrealized
Losses
 
 
Fair Value
 
 
Unrealized
Losses
 
 
 

















June 30, 2010
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 












U.S. government and agency
securities

  
$
216
  
 
$
(1
) 
 
$
0
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
216
  
 
$
(1
) 



Mortgage-backed securities

  
 
105
  
 
 
(6
) 
 
 
18
  
 
 
(1
) 
 
 
123
  
 
 
(7
) 



Corporate notes and bonds

  
 
1,124
  
 
 
(13
) 
 
 
89
  
 
 
(5
) 
 
 
1,213
  
 
 
(18
) 



Municipal securities

  
 
66
  
 
 
(1
) 
 
 
0
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
66
  
 
 
(1
) 



Common and preferred stock

  
 
2,102
  
 
 
(339
) 
 
 
190
  
 
 
(79
) 
 
 
2,292
  
 
 
(418
) 






 






 






 






 






 









Total

  
$
3,613
  
 
$
(360
) 
 
$
297
  
 
$
(85
) 
 
$
3,910
  
 
$
(445
) 


 
  






 






 






 






 






 










Debt Investment Maturities

Debt Investment
Maturities

 














(In millions)
  
Cost Basis
 
 


Estimated

Fair Value

 














June 30, 2011
  
 
 
 
 
 








Due in one year or less

  
$
23,982
  
 
$
24,053
  



Due after one year through five
years

  
 
19,516
  
 
 
19,733
  



Due after five years through 10
years

  
 
2,516
  
 
 
2,637
  



Due after 10 years

  
 
2,811
  
 
 
2,945
  






 









Total

  
$
  48,825
  
 
$
  49,368
  


 
  






 













X



- Definition
The schedule of cash, cash equivalents, and debt and equity securities, including any unrealized or realized gain (loss).
+ Details


 Name:
msft_ScheduleOfCashCashEquivalentsAndInvestmentsTableTextBlock


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
nonnum:textBlockItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Tabular disclosure of maturities of an entity's investments as well as any other information pertinent to the investments.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_InvestmentsClassifiedByContractualMaturityDateTableTextBlock


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
nonnum:textBlockItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
For all investments in an unrealized loss position, including those for which other-than-temporary impairments have not been recognized in earnings (including investments for which a portion of an other-than-temporary impairment has been recognized in other comprehensive income), a tabular disclosure of the aggregate related fair value of investments with unrealized losses and the aggregate amount of unrealized losses (that is, the amount by which amortized cost basis exceeds fair value).
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Topic 320 -SubTopic 10 -Publisher FASB -Number  -Article  -Subparagraph  -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Paragraph 6 -Section 50 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6872113&loc=d3e27290-111563
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_ScheduleOfUnrealizedLossOnInvestmentsTableTextBlock


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
nonnum:textBlockItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration













XML
67
R34.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


DERIVATIVES (Tables)

12 Months Ended



Jun. 30, 2011



Fair Values of Derivative Instruments


Following are the gross
fair values of derivative instruments designated as hedging
instruments (“designated hedge derivatives”) and not
designated as hedging instruments (“non-designated hedge
derivatives”) that were held at June 30, 2011 and 2010.
The fair values exclude the impact of netting derivative assets and
liabilities when a legally enforceable master netting agreement
exists and fair value adjustments related to our own credit risk
and counterparty credit risk.

 






























(In millions)
  


Foreign

Exchange

Contracts

 
 


Equity

Contracts

 
 


Interest

Rate

Contracts

 
 


Credit

Contracts

 
 


Commodity

Contracts

 
 


Total

Derivatives

 


















June 30, 2011
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 











Assets
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 












Non-designated hedge
derivatives:

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Short-term investments

  
$
     14
  
 
$
  179
  
 
$
   0
  
 
$
   17
  
 
$
   4
  
 
$
   214
  



Other current assets

  
 
73
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
73
  






 






 






 






 






 









Total

  
$
87
  
 
$
179
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
17
  
 
$
4
  
 
$
287
  



Designated hedge
derivatives:

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Short-term investments

  
$
6
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
6
  



Other current assets

  
 
123
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
123
  






 






 






 






 






 









Total

  
$
129
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
129
  


 
  






 






 






 






 






 









Total assets

  
$
216
  
 
$
179
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
17
  
 
$
4
  
 
$
416
  


 
  






 






 






 






 






 

















Liabilities
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 












Non-designated hedge
derivatives:

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Other current liabilities

  
$
(91
) 
 
$
(12
) 
 
$
(9
) 
 
$
(19
) 
 
$
(4
) 
 
$
(135
) 



Designated hedge
derivatives:

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Other current liabilities

  
$
(128
) 
 
$
0
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
(128
) 






 






 






 






 






 









Total liabilities

  
$
(219
) 
 
$
(12
) 
 
$
(9
) 
 
$
(19
) 
 
$
(4
) 
 
$
(263
) 


 
  






 






 






 






 






 









 






























(In millions)
  


Foreign

Exchange

Contracts

 
 


Equity

Contracts

 
 


Interest

Rate

Contracts

 
 


Credit

Contracts

 
 


Commodity

Contracts

 
 


Total

Derivatives

 


















June 30, 2010
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 











Assets
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 












Non-designated hedge
derivatives:

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Short-term investments

  
$
    15
  
 
$
  134
  
 
$
   12
  
 
$
   7
  
 
$
   8
  
 
$
   176
  



Other current assets

  
 
34
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
34
  






 






 






 






 






 









Total

  
$
49
  
 
$
134
  
 
$
12
  
 
$
7
  
 
$
8
  
 
$
210
  



Designated hedge
derivatives:

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Short-term investments

  
$
3
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
3
  



Other current assets

  
 
563
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
563
  






 






 






 






 






 









Total

  
$
566
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
566
  


 
  






 






 






 






 






 









Total assets

  
$
615
  
 
$
134
  
 
$
12
  
 
$
7
  
 
$
8
  
 
$
776
  


 
  






 






 






 






 






 

















Liabilities
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 












Non-designated hedge
derivatives:

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Other current liabilities

  
$
(60
) 
 
$
(17
) 
 
$
(33
) 
 
$
(41
) 
 
$
(5
) 
 
$
(156
) 



Designated hedge
derivatives:

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Other current liabilities

  
$
(9
) 
 
$
0
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
(9
) 






 






 






 






 






 









Total liabilities

  
$
(69
) 
 
$
(17
) 
 
$
(33
) 
 
$
(41
) 
 
$
(5
) 
 
$
(165
) 


 
  






 






 






 






 






 











Fair value hedging

 


Gains (Losses) on Derivative Instruments


We recognized in other
income (expense) the following gains (losses) related to fair value
hedges and their related hedged items:

 


















(In millions)
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 















Year Ended June 30,
  
2011
 
 
2010
 
 
2009
 








Foreign Exchange Contracts
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 









Derivatives

  
$
   (92
) 
 
$
   (57
) 
 
$
   121
  



Hedged items

  
 
85
  
 
 
60
  
 
 
(120
) 






 






 









Total

  
$
(7
) 
 
$
3
  
 
$
1
  


 
  






 






 














Equity Contracts
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 









Derivatives

  
$
0
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
191
  



Hedged items

  
 
0
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
(211
) 






 






 









Total

  
$
0
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
(20
) 


 
  






 






 











Cash flow hedging

 


Gains (Losses) on Derivative Instruments


We recognized the
following gains (losses) related to foreign exchange contracts
designated as cash flow hedges (our only cash flow hedges during
the periods reported):

 


















(In millions)
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 















Year Ended June 30,
  
2011
 
 
2010
 
 
2009
 








Effective Portion
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 









Gain (loss) recognized in OCI, net of
tax effect of $(340), $188 and $472

  
$
  (632
) 
 
$
   349
  
 
$
   876
  



Gain (loss) reclassified from OCI
into revenue

  
$
(7
) 
 
$
495
  
 
$
884
  








Amount Excluded from Effectiveness Assessment and
Ineffective Portion
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 









Loss recognized in other income
(expense)

  
$
(276
) 
 
$
(174
) 
 
$
(314
) 






Non-designated hedge derivatives

 


Gains (Losses) on Derivative Instruments


Gains (losses) from
changes in fair values of derivatives that are not designated as
hedges are primarily recognized in other income (expense). These
amounts are shown in the table below, with the exception of gains
(losses) on derivatives presented in income statement line items
other than other income (expense), which were immaterial for all
periods presented. Other than those derivatives entered into for
investment purposes, such as commodity contracts, the gains
(losses) below are generally economically offset by unrealized
gains (losses) in the underlying available-for-sale
securities.

 


















(In millions)
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 















Year Ended June 30,
  
2011
 
 
2010
 
 
2009
 









Foreign exchange contracts

  
$
   (27
) 
 
$
  106
  
 
$
  (234
) 



Equity contracts

  
 
35
  
 
 
12
  
 
 
(131
) 



Interest-rate contracts

  
 
19
  
 
 
(4
) 
 
 
5
  



Credit contracts

  
 
24
  
 
 
22
  
 
 
(18
) 



Commodity contracts

  
 
148
  
 
 
(1
) 
 
 
(126
) 






 






 









Total

  
$
199
  
 
$
135
  
 
$
(504
) 


 
  






 






 













X



- Definition
Tabular disclosure of the location and amount of gains and losses reported in the statement of financial performance, or when applicable, the statement of financial position. For example,  (a) gains and losses recognized in the income statement on derivative instruments designated and qualifying as hedging instruments in fair value hedges and related hedged items designated and qualifying in fair value hedges and (b) gains and losses initially recognized in other comprehensive income on derivative instruments designated and qualifying as cash flow hedges.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 133 -Paragraph 205G -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 815 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4C -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6935481&loc=SL5624171-113959Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 815 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4A -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6935481&loc=SL5618551-113959Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 133 -Paragraph 44C -Subparagraph b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_ScheduleOfDerivativeInstrumentsGainLossInStatementOfFinancialPerformanceTextBlock


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
nonnum:textBlockItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Tabular disclosure of the location and fair value amounts of derivative instruments (and nonderivative instruments that are designated and qualify as hedging instruments) reported in the statement of financial position.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 815 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4B -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6935481&loc=SL5624163-113959Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 133 -Paragraph 205G -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 133 -Paragraph 44C -Subparagraph a -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_ScheduleOfDerivativeInstrumentsInStatementOfFinancialPositionFairValueTextBlock


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
nonnum:textBlockItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration













XML
68
R35.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS (Tables)

12 Months Ended



Jun. 30, 2011



Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis


The following tables
present the fair value of our financial instruments that are
measured at fair value on a recurring basis:

 






























(In millions)
  
Level 1
 
 
Level 2
 
 
Level 3
 
 


Gross

Fair

Value

 
 
Netting (a)
 
 
Net Fair
Value
 


















June 30, 2011
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 











Assets
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 












Mutual funds

  
$
1,752
    
 
$
0
    
 
$
0
    
 
$
1,752
    
 
$
0
  
 
$
1,752
    



Commercial paper

  
 
0
  
 
 
639
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
639
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
639
  



Certificates of deposit

  
 
0
  
 
 
598
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
598
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
598
  



U.S. government and agency
securities

  
 
23,591
  
 
 
10,175
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
33,766
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
33,766
  



Foreign government bonds

  
 
303
  
 
 
367
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
670
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
670
  



Mortgage-backed securities

  
 
0
  
 
 
2,428
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
2,428
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
2,428
  



Corporate notes and bonds

  
 
0
  
 
 
10,600
  
 
 
58
  
 
 
10,658
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
10,658
  



Municipal securities

  
 
0
  
 
 
454
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
454
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
454
  



Common and preferred stock

  
 
9,821
  
 
 
55
  
 
 
5
  
 
 
9,881
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
9,881
  



Derivatives

  
 
8
  
 
 
388
  
 
 
20
  
 
 
416
  
 
 
(204
) 
 
 
212
  






 






 






 






 






 









Total

  
$
  35,475
  
 
$
  25,704
  
 
$
  83
  
 
$
  61,262
  
 
$
  (204
) 
 
$
  61,058
  


 
  






 






 






 






 






 

















Liabilities
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 












Derivatives and other

  
$
109
  
 
$
257
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
366
  
 
$
(203
) 
 
$
163
  

















(In millions)
  
Level 1
 
 
Level 2
 
 
Level 3
 
 


Gross

Fair

Value

 
 
Netting (a)
 
 
Net Fair
Value
 

















June 30, 2010
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 











Assets
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 












Mutual funds

  
$
1,120
    
 
$
0
    
 
$
0
    
 
$
1,120
    
 
$
0
  
 
$
1,120
    



Commercial paper

  
 
0
  
 
 
172
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
172
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
172
  



Certificates of deposit

  
 
0
  
 
 
348
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
348
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
348
  



U.S. government and agency
securities

  
 
16,473
  
 
 
4,756
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
21,229
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
21,229
  



Foreign government bonds

  
 
239
  
 
 
294
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
533
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
533
  



Mortgage-backed securities

  
 
0
  
 
 
3,264
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
3,264
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
3,264
  



Corporate notes and bonds

  
 
0
  
 
 
7,460
  
 
 
167
  
 
 
7,627
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
7,627
  



Municipal securities

  
 
0
  
 
 
747
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
747
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
747
  



Common and preferred stock

  
 
6,988
  
 
 
43
  
 
 
5
  
 
 
7,036
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
7,036
  



Derivatives

  
 
22
  
 
 
745
  
 
 
9
  
 
 
776
  
 
 
(207
) 
 
 
569
  






 






 






 






 






 









Total

  
$
  24,842
  
 
$
  17,829
  
 
$
  181
  
 
$
  42,852
  
 
$
  (207
) 
 
$
  42,645
  


 
  






 






 






 






 






 

















Liabilities
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 












Derivatives and other

  
$
85
  
 
$
137
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
222
  
 
$
(205
) 
 
$
17
  




 


(a)

These amounts represent the impact of netting derivative
assets and derivative liabilities when a legally enforceable master
netting agreement exists and fair value adjustments related to our
own credit risk and counterparty credit risk.






Reconciliation of total Assets Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis to the Balance Sheet Presentation


The table below
reconciles the total Net Fair Value of assets above to the balance
sheet presentation of these same assets in Note 4 –
Investments for June 30, 2011 and 2010.

 














(In millions)
  
 
 
 
 
 














June 30,
  
2011
 
 
2010
 








Net fair value of assets measured at
fair value on a recurring basis

  
$
  61,058
  
 
$
  42,645
  



Cash

  
 
1,648
  
 
 
1,661
  



Common and preferred stock measured
at fair value on a nonrecurring basis

  
 
334
  
 
 
216
  



Other investments measured at fair
value on a nonrecurring basis

  
 
650
  
 
 
502
  



Less derivative assets classified as
other current assets

  
 
(54
) 
 
 
(544
) 



Other

  
 
1
  
 
 
62
  






 









Recorded basis of investment
components

  
$
63,637
  
 
$
44,542
  


 
  






 










Changes in Financial Instruments Measured at Level 3 Fair Value on a Recurring Basis


The following tables
present the changes during the fiscal years 2011 and 2010 in our
Level 3 financial instruments that are measured at fair value on a
recurring basis. The majority of these instruments consist of
investment securities classified as available-for-sale with changes
in fair value included in OCI.

 






















(In millions)
  


Corporate

Notes and

Bonds

 
 


Common

and

Preferred

Stock

 
  


Derivative

Assets

 
  
Total
 
















Year Ended June 30, 2011
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 










Balance, beginning of
period

  
$
  167
  
 
$
  5
  
  
$
    9
  
  
$
  181
  



Total realized and unrealized gains
(losses):

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 



Included in other income
(expense)

  
 
39
  
 
 
0
  
  
 
11
  
  
 
50
  



Included in other comprehensive
income

  
 
(63
) 
 
 
0
  
  
 
0
  
  
 
(63
) 



Purchases, issuances and
settlements

  
 
(85
) 
 
 
0
  
  
 
0
  
  
 
(85
) 






 






  






  









Balance, end of period

  
$
58
  
 
$
5
  
  
$
20
  
  
$
83
  


 
  






 






  






  









Change in unrealized gains (losses)
included in other income (expense) related to assets held as of
June 30, 2011

  
$
6
  
 
$
0
  
  
$
11
  
  
$
17
  















(In millions)
  
Corporate
Notes and
Bonds
 
 
Common
and
Preferred
Stock
 
  
Derivative
Assets
 
  
Total
 















Year Ended June 30, 2010
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 










Balance, beginning of
period

  
$
  253
  
 
$
  5
  
  
$
    5
  
  
$
  263
  



Total realized and unrealized gains
(losses):

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 



Included in other income
(expense)

  
 
6
  
 
 
0
  
  
 
4
  
  
 
10
  



Included in other comprehensive
income

  
 
(92
) 
 
 
0
  
  
 
0
  
  
 
(92
) 






 






  






  









Balance, end of period

  
$
167
  
 
$
5
  
  
$
9
  
  
$
181
  


 
  






 






  






  









Change in unrealized gains (losses)
included in other income (expense) related to assets held as of
June 30, 2010

  
$
6
  
 
$
0
  
  
$
4
  
  
$
10
  








X



- Definition
Reconciliation of the net fair value of assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis to their balance sheet presentation.
+ Details


 Name:
msft_ReconciliationOfTotalAssetsMeasuredAtFairValueOnRecurringBasisToBalanceSheetPresentationTextBlock


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
nonnum:textBlockItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Tabular disclosure of the fair value measurement of assets using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3), a reconciliation of the beginning and ending balances, separately presenting changes during the period attributable to the following: (1) total gains or losses for the period (realized and unrealized), segregating those gains or losses included in earnings (or changes in net assets) and gains or losses recognized in other comprehensive income, and a description of where those gains or losses included in earnings (or changes in net assets) are reported in the statement of income (or activities); (2) purchases, sales, issuances, and settlements (each type disclosed separately); and (3) transfers in and transfers out of Level 3 (for example, transfers due to changes in the observability of significant inputs), by class of asset.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 157 -Paragraph 32 -Subparagraph c -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 820 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6925170&loc=d3e19279-110258Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 820 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (c) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6925170&loc=d3e19207-110258
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_FairValueAssetsMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationTextBlock


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
nonnum:textBlockItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Tabular disclosure of assets and liabilities, including [financial] instruments measured at fair value that are classified in stockholders' equity, if any, that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis. The disclosures contemplated herein include the fair value measurements at the reporting date by the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements in their entirety fall, segregating fair value measurements using quoted prices in active markets for identical assets (Level 1), significant other observable inputs (Level 2), and significant unobservable inputs (Level 3).
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Topic 820 -SubTopic 10 -Publisher FASB -Number  -Article  -Subparagraph  -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Paragraph 1 -Section 50 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6925170&loc=d3e19190-110258
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_ScheduleOfFairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringBasisTableTextBlock


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
nonnum:textBlockItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration













XML
69
R36.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


INVENTORIES (Tables)

12 Months Ended



Jun. 30, 2011



Components of Inventories


The components of
inventories were as follows:

 














(In millions)
 














June 30,
  
2011
 
 
2010
 








Raw materials

  
$
232
  
 
$
  172
  



Work in process

  
 
56
  
 
 
16
  



Finished goods

  
 
1,084
  
 
 
552
  






 









Total

  
$
  1,372
  
 
$
740
  


 
  






 













X



- Definition
Tabular disclosure of the carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of merchandise, goods, commodities, or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing, servicing or production process.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Topic  -SubTopic  -Publisher SEC -Number 210 -Article 5 -Subparagraph a,b,c -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Paragraph 6 -Section 2
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
nonnum:textBlockItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration













XML
70
R37.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT (Tables)

12 Months Ended



Jun. 30, 2011



Components of Property and Equipment


The components of
property and equipment were as follows:

 














(In millions)
 














June 30,
  
2011
 
 
2010
 








Land

  
$
533
  
 
$
526
  



Buildings and improvements

  
 
6,521
  
 
 
6,087
  



Leasehold improvements

  
 
2,345
  
 
 
2,100
  



Computer equipment and
software

  
 
6,601
  
 
 
5,673
  



Furniture and equipment

  
 
1,991
  
 
 
1,873
  






 









Total, at cost

  
 
  17,991
  
 
 
  16,259
  



Accumulated depreciation

  
 
(9,829
) 
 
 
(8,629
) 






 









Total, net

  
$
8,162
  
 
$
7,630
  


 
  






 













X



- Definition
Schedule of Property, Plant and Equipment
+ Details


 Name:
msft_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentTableTextBlock


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
nonnum:textBlockItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration













XML
71
R38.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


GOODWILL (Tables)

12 Months Ended



Jun. 30, 2011



Carrying Amount of Goodwill


Changes in the carrying
amount of goodwill for fiscal years 2011 and 2010 by segment were
as follows:

 


































 
  


Balance as

of June 30,

2009

 
 
Acquisitions
 
 


Purchase

Accounting

Adjustments

and
Other

 
 


Balance as

of June 30,

2010

 
 
Acquisitions
 
 


Purchase

Accounting

Adjustments

and
Other

 
 


Balance as

of June 30,

2011

 



















(In millions)
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 













Windows & Windows Live
Division

  
$
77
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
77
  
 
$
0
  
 
$
12
  
 
$
89
  



Server and Tools

  
 
1,038
  
 
 
82
  
 
 
(2
) 
 
 
1,118
  
 
 
13
  
 
 
8
  
 
 
1,139
  



Online Services Division

  
 
6,657
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
(284
) 
 
 
6,373
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
6,373
  



Microsoft Business
Division

  
 
3,927
  
 
 
116
  
 
 
(19
) 
 
 
4,024
  
 
 
4
  
 
 
139
  
 
 
4,167
  



Entertainment and Devices
Division

  
 
804
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
(2
) 
 
 
802
  
 
 
30
  
 
 
(19
) 
 
 
813
  






 






 






 






 






 






 









Total

  
$
  12,503
  
 
$
  198
  
 
$
  (307
) 
 
$
  12,394
  
 
$
  47
  
 
$
  140
  
 
$
  12,581
  


 
  






 






 






 






 






 






 













X



- Definition
Tabular disclosure of goodwill by reportable segment and in total. Disclosure details may include, but are not limited to, the carrying amount of goodwill, goodwill acquired during the year, goodwill impairment losses recognized, goodwill written-off due to the sale of a business unit, goodwill not yet allocated, and any other changes to goodwill.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 350 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6905597&loc=d3e13854-109267Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 350 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6905597&loc=d3e13816-109267Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 142 -Paragraph 45 -Subparagraph c -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 142 -Paragraph 45 -Subparagraph e -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 142 -Paragraph 47 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_ScheduleOfGoodwillTextBlock


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
nonnum:textBlockItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration













XML
72
R39.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


INTANGIBLE ASSETS (Tables)

12 Months Ended



Jun. 30, 2011



Finite-Lived Intangible Assets


The components of
intangible assets, all of which are finite-lived, were as
follows:

 






























(In millions)
  
Gross
Carrying
Amount
 
 
Accumulated
Amortization
 
 
Net Carrying
Amount
 
 
Gross
Carrying
Amount
 
  
Accumulated
Amortization
 
 
Net Carrying
Amount
 


















Year Ended June 30,
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
2011
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
2010
 












Contract-based

  
$
  1,068
  
 
$
(966
) 
 
$
  102
  
 
$
  1,075
  
  
$
(914
) 
 
$
161
  



Technology-based (a)

  
 
2,356
  
 
 
(1,831
) 
 
 
525
  
 
 
2,308
  
  
 
(1,521
) 
 
 
787
  



Marketing-related

  
 
113
  
 
 
(98
) 
 
 
15
  
 
 
114
  
  
 
(86
) 
 
 
28
  



Customer-related

  
 
326
  
 
 
(224
) 
 
 
102
  
 
 
390
  
  
 
(208
) 
 
 
182
  






 






 






 






  






 









Total

  
$
3,863
  
 
$
  (3,119
) 
 
$
744
  
 
$
3,887
  
  
$
  (2,729
) 
 
$
  1,158
  


 
  






 






 






 






  






 









 


(a)

Technology-based intangible assets included $179 million and
$249 million as of June 30, 2011 and 2010, respectively, of
net carrying amount of software to be sold, leased, or otherwise
marketed.






Intangible Assets Acquired


The components of
intangible assets acquired during fiscal years 2011 and 2010 were
as follows:

 






















(In millions)
  
Amount
 
 


Weighted

Average Life

 
 
Amount
 
 


Weighted

Average Life

 
















Year Ended June 30,
  
2011
 
 
 
 
 
2010
 
 
 
 










Contract-based

  
$
0
  
 
 
 
 
 
$
3
  
 
 
2 years
  



Technology-based

  
 
  119
  
 
 
3 years
  
 
 
322
  
 
 
4 years
  



Marketing-related

  
 
1
  
 
 
7 years
  
 
 
0
  
 
 
 
 



Customer-related

  
 
2
  
 
 
4 years
  
 
 
18
  
 
 
5 years
  






 
 
 
 
 






 
 
 
 



Total

  
$
122
  
 
 
3 years
  
 
$
  343
  
 
 
4 years
  


 
  






 
 
 
 
 






 
 
 
 





Estimated Future Amortization Expense Related to Intangible Assets


The following table
outlines the estimated future amortization expense related to
intangible assets held at June 30, 2011:

 










(In millions)
  
 
 













Year Ending June 30,
  
 
 







2012

  
$
  390
  



2013

  
 
242
  



2014

  
 
68
  



2015

  
 
27
  



2016

  
 
10
  



2017 and thereafter

  
 
7
  









Total

  
$
744
  


 
  













X



- Definition
Tabular disclosure of the characteristics, including initial carrying value, residual amount, weighted average useful life, of finite-lived intangible assets acquired during the period by major class. A major class is composed of intangible assets that can be grouped together because they are similar, either by nature or by their use in the operations of the company.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 142 -Paragraph 44 -Subparagraph a -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 350 -SubTopic 30 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6905858&loc=d3e16265-109275
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_ScheduleOfAcquiredFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassTextBlock


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
nonnum:textBlockItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Tabular disclosure of the estimated aggregate amortization expense for intangible assets subject to amortization for each of the five succeeding fiscal years.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Topic 350 -SubTopic 30 -Publisher FASB -Number  -Article  -Subparagraph (a) -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Paragraph 2 -Section 50 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6905858&loc=d3e16323-109275
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_ScheduleOfExpectedAmortizationExpenseTableTextBlock


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
nonnum:textBlockItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Tabular disclosure of amortizable intangibles assets, in total and by major class, including the gross carrying amount and accumulated amortization. A major class is composed of intangible assets that can be grouped together because they are similar, either by their nature or by their use in the operations of a company.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 142 -Paragraph 45 -Subparagraph a -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 350 -SubTopic 30 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6905858&loc=d3e16265-109275Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 350 -SubTopic 30 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6905858&loc=d3e16323-109275
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_ScheduleOfFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassTextBlock


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
nonnum:textBlockItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration













XML
73
R4.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


BALANCE SHEETS (Parenthetical) (USD $)In Millions


Jun. 30, 2011


Jun. 30, 2010



Short-term investments, securities loaned
$ 1,181
$ 62


Accounts receivable, allowance for doubtful accounts
333
375


Property and equipment, accumulated depreciation
9,829
8,629


Common stock, shares authorized
24,000
24,000


Common stock, outstanding
8,376
8,668


Retained deficit, accumulated other comprehensive income
$ 1,863
$ 1,055





X



- Definition
Securities that are owned and loaned to third parties as part of our securities lending program.
+ Details


 Name:
msft_SecuritiesOwnedAndLoaned


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
The cumulative amount of depreciation, depletion and amortization (related to property, plant and equipment, but not including land) that has been recognized in the income statement.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 360 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (c) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391035&loc=d3e2868-110229Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.14) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB) -Number 12 -Paragraph 5 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 14 -Article 5Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB) -Number 12 -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph c -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
Accumulated change in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources, net of tax effect, at period end. Excludes Net Income (Loss), and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Includes foreign currency translation items, certain pension adjustments, unrealized gains and losses on certain investments in debt and equity securities, other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses related to factors other than credit losses on available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities that an entity does not intend to sell and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost basis, as well as changes in the fair value of derivatives related to the effective portion of a designated cash flow hedge.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 220 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 13 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920043&loc=d3e653-108580Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 130 -Paragraph 14, 17, 26 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 31 -Article 5Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB) -Number 12 -Paragraph 10 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name FASB Staff Position (FSP) -Number FAS115-1/124-1 -Paragraph 15D -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 220 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 11 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920043&loc=d3e637-108580Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 220 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 14 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920043&loc=d3e681-108580
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
A valuation allowance for trade and other receivables due to an Entity within one year (or the normal operating cycle, whichever is longer) that are expected to be uncollectible.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 4 -Article 5Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 310 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6965416&loc=d3e5074-111524Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.4) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
The maximum number of common shares permitted to be issued by an entity's charter and bylaws.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 30 -Article 5Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:sharesItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
Total number of shares of common stock held by shareholders. May be all or portion of the number of common shares authorized. These shares represent the ownership interest of the common shareholders. Shares outstanding equals shares issued minus shares held in treasury and other adjustments, if any.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6959260&loc=d3e187085-122770Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21463-112644Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB) -Number 12 -Paragraph 10 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 30 -Article 5
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:sharesItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
instant













XML
74
R40.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


DEBT (Tables)

12 Months Ended



Jun. 30, 2011



Maturities of Long-term Debt


Maturities of long-term
debt for each of the next five years and thereafter are as
follows:

 










(In millions)
  
 
 













Year Ending June 30,
  
 
 







2012

  
$
0
  



2013

  
 
1,250
  



2014

  
 
3,000
  



2015

  
 
0
  



2016

  
 
2,500
  



Thereafter

  
 
5,250
  









Total

  
$
  12,000
  


 
  










Long-term Debt


The components of
long-term debt, the associated interest rates, and the semi-annual
interest record and payment dates were as follows as of
June 30, 2011:

 


































Due Date
  
Face Value
 
 


Stated
Interest

Rate

 
  


Effective
Interest

Rate

 
  


Interest

Record Date

 
 


Interest

Pay Date

 
 


Interest

Record
Date

 
 


Interest

Pay
Date

 



















 
  
(In millions)
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 












Notes
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 













September 27, 2013

  
$
1,000
  
 
 
0.875%
  
  
 
1.000%
  
  
 
March 15
  
 
 
March 27
  
 
 
September 15
  
 
 
September 27
  



June 1, 2014

  
 
2,000
  
 
 
2.950%
  
  
 
3.049%
  
  
 
May 15
  
 
 
June 1
  
 
 
November 15
  
 
 
December 1
  



September 25, 2015

  
 
1,750
  
 
 
1.625%
  
  
 
1.795%
  
  
 
March 15
  
 
 
March 25
  
 
 
September 15
  
 
 
September 25
  



February 8, 2016

  
 
750
  
 
 
2.500%
  
  
 
2.642%
  
  
 
February 1
  
 
 
February 8
  
 
 
August 1
  
 
 
August 8
  



June 1, 2019

  
 
1,000
  
 
 
4.200%
  
  
 
4.379%
  
  
 
May 15
  
 
 
June 1
  
 
 
November 15
  
 
 
December 1
  



October 1, 2020

  
 
1,000
  
 
 
3.000%
  
  
 
3.137%
  
  
 
March 15
  
 
 
April 1
  
 
 
September 15
  
 
 
October 1
  



February 8, 2021

  
 
500
  
 
 
4.000%
  
  
 
4.082%
  
  
 
February 1
  
 
 
February 8
  
 
 
August 1
  
 
 
August 8
  



June 1, 2039

  
 
750
  
 
 
5.200%
  
  
 
5.240%
  
  
 
May 15
  
 
 
June 1
  
 
 
November 15
  
 
 
December 1
  



October 1, 2040

  
 
1,000
  
 
 
4.500%
  
  
 
4.567%
  
  
 
March 15
  
 
 
April 1
  
 
 
September 15
  
 
 
October 1
  



February 8, 2041

  
 
1,000
  
 
 
5.300%
  
  
 
5.361%
  
  
 
February 1
  
 
 
February 8
  
 
 
August 1
  
 
 
August 8
  






 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Total

  
 
10,750
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 












Convertible Debt
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 













June 15, 2013

  
 
1,250
  
 
 
0.000%
  
  
 
1.849%
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Total unamortized discount

  
 
(79
) 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 






 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Total

  
$
  11,921
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
  






 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



The components of
long-term debt, the associated interest rates, and the semi-annual
interest record and payment dates were as follows as of
June 30, 2010:

 


































Due Date
  
Face Value
 
 


Stated
Interest

Rate

 
 


Effective
Interest

Rate

 
 


Interest

Record Date

 
 


Interest

Pay Date

 
 


Interest

Record
Date

 
 


Interest

Pay
Date

 



















 
  
(In millions)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 












Notes
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 













June 1, 2014

  
$
  2,000
  
 
 
2.950%
  
 
 
3.049%
  
 
 
May 15
  
 
 
June 1
  
 
 
November 15
  
 
 
December 1
  



June 1, 2019

  
 
1,000
  
 
 
4.200%
  
 
 
4.379%
  
 
 
May 15
  
 
 
June 1
  
 
 
November 15
  
 
 
December 1
  



June 1, 2039

  
 
750
  
 
 
5.200%
  
 
 
5.240%
  
 
 
May 15
  
 
 
June 1
  
 
 
November 15
  
 
 
December 1
  






 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Total

  
 
3,750
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 












Convertible Debt
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 













June 15, 2013

  
 
1,250
  
 
 
0.000%
  
 
 
1.849%
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Total unamortized discount

  
 
(61
) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 






 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Total

  
$
4,939
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
  













X



- Definition
Tabular disclosure of long-debt instruments or arrangements, including identification, terms, features, collateral requirements and other information necessary to a fair presentation. These are debt arrangements that originally required repayment more than twelve months after issuance or greater than the normal operating cycle of the entity, if longer.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 8 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21538-112644Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(e),(f)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6881521&loc=d3e23780-122690Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 835 -SubTopic 30 -Section 45 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6451184&loc=d3e28551-108399Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 942 -SubTopic 470 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6479336&loc=d3e64711-112823Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 835 -SubTopic 30 -Section 45 -Paragraph 1A -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6451184&loc=d3e28541-108399Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 835 -SubTopic 30 -Section 55 -Paragraph 8 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6584090&loc=d3e28878-108400Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 22 -Article 5Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 7 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21521-112644Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.22) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682Reference 10: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21475-112644Reference 11: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 6 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21506-112644
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_ScheduleOfDebtInstrumentsTextBlock


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
nonnum:textBlockItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Tabular disclosure of the combined aggregate amount of maturities and sinking fund requirements for all long-term borrowings for each of the five years following the date of the latest balance sheet date presented.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Topic 470 -SubTopic 10 -Publisher FASB -Number  -Article  -Subparagraph  -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Paragraph 1 -Section 50 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6802200&loc=d3e1835-112601
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_ScheduleOfMaturitiesOfLongTermDebtTableTextBlock


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
nonnum:textBlockItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration













XML
75
R41.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


INCOME TAXES (Tables)

12 Months Ended



Jun. 30, 2011



Provision for Income Taxes


The components of the
provision for income taxes were as follows:

 


















(In millions)
 















Year Ended June 30,
  
2011
 
 
2010
 
 
2009
 








Current Taxes
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 









U.S. federal

  
$
  3,108
  
 
$
  4,415
  
 
$
  3,159
  



U.S. state and local

  
 
209
  
 
 
357
  
 
 
192
  



International

  
 
1,602
  
 
 
1,701
  
 
 
1,139
  






 






 









Current taxes

  
 
4,919
  
 
 
6,473
  
 
 
4,490
  








Deferred Taxes
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 









Deferred taxes

  
 
2
  
 
 
(220
) 
 
 
762
  






 






 









Provision for income taxes

  
$
4,921
  
 
$
6,253
  
 
$
5,252
  


 
  






 






 










Income Before Income Taxes


U.S. and international
components of income before income taxes were as
follows:

 


















(In millions)
 















Year Ended June 30,
  
2011
 
 
2010
 
 
2009
 









U.S.

  
$
8,862
  
 
$
9,575
  
 
$
5,529
  



International

  
 
19,209
  
 
 
15,438
  
 
 
14,292
  






 






 









Income before income taxes

  
$
  28,071
  
 
$
  25,013
  
 
$
  19,821
  


 
  






 






 










Difference Between Income Taxes Computed at the Federal Statutory Rate and the Provision for Income Taxes


The items accounting for
the difference between income taxes computed at the U.S. federal
statutory rate and our effective rate were as follows:

 

























Year Ended June 30,
  
2011
 
 
2010
 
 
2009
 










Federal statutory rate

  
 
35.0%
  
 
 
35.0%
  
 
 
35.0%
  



Effect of:

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Foreign earnings taxed at lower
rates

  
 
(15.6)%
  
 
 
(12.1)%
  
 
 
(9.3)%
  



Internal Revenue Service
settlement

  
 
(1.7)%
  
 
 
0%
  
 
 
0%
  



Other reconciling items,
net

  
 
(0.2)%
  
 
 
2.1%
  
 
 
0.8%
  






 






 









Effective rate

  
 
17.5%
  
 
 
25.0%
  
 
 
26.5%
  


 
  






 






 










Deferred Income Tax Assets and Liabilities


The components of the
deferred income tax assets and liabilities were as
follows:

 














(In millions)
  
 
 
 
 
 














June 30,
  
2011
 
 
2010
 







Deferred Income Tax Assets
  
 
 
 
 
 








Stock-based compensation
expense

  
$
1,079
  
 
$
1,329
  



Other expense items

  
 
1,411
  
 
 
1,696
  



Unearned revenue

  
 
463
  
 
 
556
  



Impaired investments

  
 
424
  
 
 
289
  



Other revenue items

  
 
69
  
 
 
80
  






 









Deferred income tax assets

  
$
3,446
  
 
$
3,950
  






 













Deferred Income Tax Liabilities
  
 
 
 
 
 








International earnings

  
$
   (1,266
) 
 
$
   (1,056
) 



Unrealized gain on
investments

  
 
(904
) 
 
 
(674
) 



Other

  
 
(265
) 
 
 
(265
) 






 









Deferred income tax
liabilities

  
 
(2,435
) 
 
 
(1,995
) 






 









Net deferred income tax
assets

  
$
1,011
  
 
$
1,955
  


 
  






 













Reported As
  
 
 
 
 
 








Current deferred income tax
assets

  
$
2,467
  
 
$
2,184
  



Long-term deferred income tax
liabilities

  
 
(1,456
) 
 
 
(229
) 






 









Net deferred income tax
assets

  
$
1,011
  
 
$
1,955
  


 
  






 










Changes in Unrecognized Tax Benefits


The aggregate changes in
the balance of unrecognized tax benefits were as
follows:

 


















(In millions)
 















Year Ended June 30,
  
2011
 
 
2010
 
 
2009
 









Balance, beginning of year

  
$
  6,542
  
 
$
  5,403
  
 
$
  3,195
  



Decreases related to
settlements

  
 
(632
) 
 
 
(57
) 
 
 
(82
) 



Increases for tax positions related
to the current year

  
 
739
  
 
 
1,012
  
 
 
2,203
  



Increases for tax positions related
to prior years

  
 
405
  
 
 
364
  
 
 
239
  



Decreases for tax positions related
to prior years

  
 
(119
) 
 
 
(166
) 
 
 
(132
) 



Decreases due to lapsed statute of
limitations

  
 
0
  
 
 
(14
) 
 
 
(20
) 






 






 









Balance, end of year

  
$
6,935
  
 
$
6,542
  
 
$
5,403
  


 
  






 






 













X



- Definition
Tabular disclosure of the components of income tax expense attributable to continuing operations for each year presented including, but not limited to: current tax expense (benefit), deferred tax expense (benefit), investment tax credits, government grants, the benefits of operating loss carryforwards, tax expense that results from allocating certain tax benefits either directly to contributed capital or to reduce goodwill or other noncurrent intangible assets of an acquired entity, adjustments of a deferred tax liability or asset for enacted changes in tax laws or rates or a change in the tax status of the entity, and adjustments of the beginning-of-the-year balances of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstances that causes a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future years.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Publisher FASB -Number  -Article  -Subparagraph  -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Paragraph 9 -Section 50 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32639-109319
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
nonnum:textBlockItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position, including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities, the total of all deferred tax assets, the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Publisher FASB -Number  -Article  -Subparagraph  -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Paragraph 2 -Section 50 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32537-109319
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
nonnum:textBlockItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Tabular disclosure of the reconciliation using percentage or dollar amounts of the reported amount of income tax expense attributable to continuing operations for the year to the amount of income tax expense that would result from applying domestic federal statutory tax rates to pretax income from continuing operations.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Publisher FASB -Number  -Article  -Subparagraph  -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Paragraph 12 -Section 50 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32687-109319
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
nonnum:textBlockItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Tabular disclosure of income before income tax between domestic and foreign jurisdictions.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_ScheduleOfIncomeBeforeIncomeTaxDomesticAndForeignTableTextBlock


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
nonnum:textBlockItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Tabular disclosure of tax positions taken in the tax returns filed or to be filed for which it is more likely than not that the tax position will not be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities (i.e., uncertain tax positions) and other types of income tax contingencies, including: (1) the policy on classification of interest and penalties; (2) a tabular reconciliation of the total amounts of unrecognized tax benefits at the beginning and end of the period; the total amount(s) of: (3) unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would affect the effective tax rate, and (4) interest and penalties recognized in each of the income statement and balance sheet; (5) for positions for which it is reasonably possible that the total amounts unrecognized will significantly change within 12 months of the reporting date the: (i) nature of the uncertainty, (ii) nature of the event that could occur that would cause the change, and (iii) an estimate of the range of the reasonably possible change or a statement that an estimate of the range cannot be made; and (6) a description of tax years that remain subject to examination by major tax jurisdictions.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name FASB Interpretation (FIN) -Number 48 -Paragraph 21 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 15 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32718-109319
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_SummaryOfIncomeTaxContingenciesTextBlock


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
nonnum:textBlockItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration













XML
76
R42.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


UNEARNED REVENUE (Tables)

12 Months Ended



Jun. 30, 2011



Components of Unearned Revenue


The components of
unearned revenue were as follows:

 














(In millions)
  
 
 
 
 
 














June 30,
  
2011
 
 
2010
 








Volume licensing programs

  
$
  14,625
  
 
$
  12,180
  



Other

  
 
2,495
  
 
 
2,650
  






 









Total

  
$
17,120
  
 
$
14,830
  


 
  






 










Unearned Revenue by Segment


Unearned revenue by
segment was as follows:

 














(In millions)
  
 
 
 
 
 














June 30,
  
2011
 
 
2010
 








Windows & Windows Live
Division

  
$
1,782
  
 
$
1,701
  



Server and Tools

  
 
6,552
  
 
 
5,282
  



Microsoft Business
Division

  
 
7,950
  
 
 
7,004
  



Other segments

  
 
836
  
 
 
843
  






 









Total

  
$
  17,120
  
 
$
  14,830
  


 
  






 













X



- Definition
Table of deferred revenue by reportable segment.
+ Details


 Name:
msft_DeferredRevenueBySegmentTextBlock


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
nonnum:textBlockItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Tabular disclosureof the type of arrangements and the corresponding amounts that comprise the current and noncurrent balance of deferred revenue as of the balance sheet date.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 13 -Section AReference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 605 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 13.A.4(a).Q1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6600647&loc=d3e214044-122780Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 8 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6361293&loc=d3e6935-107765
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_DeferredRevenueByArrangementDisclosureTextBlock


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
nonnum:textBlockItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration













XML
77
R43.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


OTHER LONG-TERM LIABILITIES (Tables)

12 Months Ended



Jun. 30, 2011



Other Long-Term Liabilities














(In millions)
  
 
 
 
 
 














June 30,
  
2011
 
 
2010
 








Tax contingencies and other tax
liabilities

  
$
7,381
  
 
$
6,887
  



Legal contingencies

  
 
276
  
 
 
236
  



Other

  
 
415
  
 
 
322
  






 









Total

  
$
  8,072
  
 
$
  7,445
  


 
  






 












X



- Definition
Table of other long-term liabilities.
+ Details


 Name:
msft_OtherNoncurrentLiabilitiesTableTextBlock


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
nonnum:textBlockItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration













XML
78
R44.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


COMMITMENTS AND GUARANTEES (Tables)

12 Months Ended



Jun. 30, 2011



Future Minimum Rental Commitments Under Noncancellable Operating Leases


Future minimum rental
commitments under noncancellable facilities operating leases in
place as of June 30, 2011 are as follows:

 










(In millions)
  
 
 













Year Ending June 30,
  
 
 







2012

  
$
481
  



2013

  
 
396
  



2014

  
 
319
  



2015

  
 
249
  



2016

  
 
163
  



2017 and thereafter

  
 
344
  









Total

  
$
  1,952
  


 
  










Product Warranty Liabilities


The changes in our
aggregate product warranty liabilities, which are included in other
current liabilities and other long term-liabilities on our balance
sheets, were as follows:

 














(In millions)
  
 
 
 
 
 














Year Ended June 30,
  
2011
 
 
2010
 








Balance, beginning of year

  
$
240
  
 
$
342
  



Accruals for warranties
issued

  
 
55
  
 
 
144
  



Adjustments to pre-existing
warranties

  
 
0
  
 
 
(2
) 



Settlements of warranty
claims

  
 
(123
) 
 
 
(244
) 






 









Balance, end of year

  
$
   172
  
 
$
   240
  


 
  






 













X



- Definition
Tabular disclosure of a lessee's leasing arrangements including: (1) the basis on which contingent rental payments are determined, (2) the existence and terms of renewal or purchase options and escalation clauses, (3) restrictions imposed by lease arrangements, such as those concerning dividends, additional debt, and further leasing, (4) rent holidays, rent concessions, or leasehold improvement incentives and unusual provisions or conditions.  Disclosure may also include the specific period used to amortize material leasehold improvements made at the inception of the lease or during the lease term. Additionally, for operating leases having initial or remaining noncancelable lease terms in excess of one year: (a) future minimum rental payments required as of the date of the latest balance sheet presented, in the aggregate and for each of the five succeeding fiscal years, (b) the total of minimum rentals to be received in the future under noncancelable subleases as of the date of the latest balance sheet presented, and (c) for all operating leases, rental expense for each period for which an income statement is presented, with separate amounts for minimum rentals, contingent rentals, and sublease rentals. Rental payments under leases with terms of a month or less that were not renewed need not be included.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 840 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6453985&loc=d3e41499-112717Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 840 -SubTopic 10 -Section 55 -Paragraph 40 -Subparagraph (Note 1,3) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6584154&loc=d3e38371-112697Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 13 -Paragraph 16 -Subparagraph b, c, d -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 840 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6453985&loc=d3e41502-112717Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 840 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6452660&loc=d3e36991-112694Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 460 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6851643&loc=d3e12069-110248
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_OperatingLeasesOfLesseeDisclosureTextBlock


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
nonnum:textBlockItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Tabular disclosure of the changes in the guarantor's aggregate product warranty liability, including the beginning balance of the aggregate product warranty liability, the aggregate reductions in that liability for payments made (in cash or in kind) under the warranty, the aggregate changes in the liability for accruals related to product warranties issued during the reporting period, the aggregate changes in the liability for accruals related to preexisting warranties (including adjustments related to changes in estimates), and the ending balance of the aggregate product warranty liability.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Topic 460 -SubTopic 10 -Publisher FASB -Number  -Article  -Subparagraph  -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Paragraph 8 -Section 50 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6398077&loc=d3e12565-110249
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_ScheduleOfProductWarrantyLiabilityTableTextBlock


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
nonnum:textBlockItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration













XML
79
R45.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (Tables)

12 Months Ended



Jun. 30, 2011



Shares of Common Stock Outstanding


Shares of common stock
outstanding were as follows:

 


















(In millions)
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 















Year Ended June 30,
  
2011
 
 
2010
 
 
2009
 









Balance, beginning of year

  
 
8,668
  
 
 
8,908
  
 
 
9,151
  



Issued

  
 
155
  
 
 
140
  
 
 
75
  



Repurchased

  
 
(447
) 
 
 
(380
) 
 
 
(318
) 






 






 









Balance, end of year

  
 
8,376
  
 
 
8,668
  
 
 
8,908
  


 
  






 






 










Share Repurchases


We repurchased the
following shares of common stock under the above-described
repurchase plans using cash resources:

 






























(In millions)
  
Shares
 
  
Amount
 
  
Shares
 
  
Amount
 
  
Shares
 
  
Amount
 


















Year Ended June 30,
  
 
 
  
2011 (a)
 
  
 
 
  
2010 (a)
 
  
 
 
  
2009  (b)
 












First quarter

  
 
163
  
  
$
4,000
  
  
 
58
  
  
$
1,445
  
  
 
223
  
  
$
5,966
  



Second quarter

  
 
188
  
  
 
5,000
  
  
 
125
  
  
 
3,583
  
  
 
95
  
  
 
2,234
  



Third quarter

  
 
30
  
  
 
827
  
  
 
67
  
  
 
2,000
  
  
 
0
  
  
 
0
  



Fourth quarter

  
 
66
  
  
 
1,631
  
  
 
130
  
  
 
3,808
  
  
 
0
  
  
 
0
  






  






  






  






  






  









Total

  
 
447
  
  
$
  11,458
  
  
 
380
  
  
$
  10,836
  
  
 
318
  
  
$
  8,200
  


 
  






  






  






  






  






  









 


(a)

All
shares repurchased in fiscal years 2011 and 2010 were repurchased
under the plan approved by our Board of Directors on
September 22, 2008.





(b)

Of
the 318 million shares of common stock repurchased in fiscal
year 2009, 101 million shares were repurchased for $2.7
billion under the plan approved by our Board of Directors during
the first quarter of fiscal year 2007. The remaining shares were
repurchased under the plan approved by our Board of Directors on
September 22, 2008.






Dividends Declared


In fiscal year 2011, our
Board of Directors declared the following dividends:

 






















Declaration Date
  


Dividend

Per Share

 
 
Record Date
 
 
Total Amount
 
  
Payment Date
 









 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
(In millions)
 
  
 
 










September 21, 2010

  
$
  0.16
    
 
 
November 18, 2010
    
 
$
  1,363
  
  
 
December 9, 2010
  



December 15, 2010

  
$
0.16
  
 
 
February 17, 2011
  
 
$
1,349
  
  
 
March 10, 2011
  



March 14, 2011

  
$
0.16
  
 
 
May 19, 2011
  
 
$
1,350
  
  
 
June 9, 2011
  



June 15, 2011

  
$
0.16
  
 
 
August 18, 2011
  
 
$
1,340
  
  
 
September 8, 2011
  




 

The dividend declared on
June 15, 2011 will be paid after the filing date of this
report on Form 10-K and was included in other current liabilities
as of June 30, 2011.

In fiscal year 2010, our
Board of Directors declared the following dividends:

 






















Declaration Date
  


Dividend

Per Share

 
 
Record Date
 
 
Total Amount
 
  
Payment Date
 









 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
(In millions)
 
  
 
 










September 18, 2009

  
$
  0.13
    
 
 
November 19, 2009
    
 
$
  1,152
  
  
 
December 10, 2009
  



December 9, 2009

  
$
0.13
  
 
 
February 18, 2010
  
 
$
1,139
  
  
 
March 11, 2010
  



March 8, 2010

  
$
0.13
  
 
 
May 20, 2010
  
 
$
1,130
  
  
 
June 10, 2010
  



June 16, 2010

  
$
0.13
  
 
 
August 19, 2010
  
 
$
1,118
  
  
 
September 9, 2010
  








X



- Definition
Schedule of activity of shares of common stock outstanding.
+ Details


 Name:
msft_CommonStockSharesTableTextBlock


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
nonnum:textBlockItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Tabular disclosure of the dividends declared during the periods presented.
+ Details


 Name:
msft_DividendsDeclaredTableTextBlock


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
nonnum:textBlockItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Tabular disclosure of the company's share repurchase activity.
+ Details


 Name:
msft_ShareRepurchaseProgramDisclosureTableTextBlock


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
nonnum:textBlockItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration













XML
80
R46.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (Tables)

12 Months Ended



Jun. 30, 2011



Other Comprehensive Income and Related Income Tax Effects


The activity in other
comprehensive income and related income tax effects were as
follows:

 


















(In millions)
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 















Year Ended June 30,
  
2011
 
 
2010
 
 
2009
 








Net Unrealized Gains on Derivatives
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 









Unrealized gains (losses), net of tax
effects of $(340), $188, and $472

  
$
(632
) 
 
$
   349
  
 
$
   876
  



Reclassification adjustment for gains
included in net income, net of tax effects of $2, $(173),
and $(309)

  
 
5
  
 
 
(322
) 
 
 
(574
) 






 






 









Net unrealized gains on
derivatives

  
$
(627
) 
 
$
27
  
 
$
302
  






 






 














Net Unrealized Gains (Losses) on Investments
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 









Unrealized gains (losses), net of tax
effects of $726, $263, and $(142)

  
$
  1,349
  
 
$
488
  
 
$
(263
) 



Reclassification adjustment for
losses (gains) included in net income, net of tax effects of
$(159), $(120), and $16

  
 
(295
) 
 
 
(223
) 
 
 
30
  






 






 









Net unrealized gains (losses) on
investments

  
 
1,054
  
 
 
265
  
 
 
(233
) 






 






 









Translation adjustments and other,
net of tax effects of $205, $(103) and $(133)

  
 
381
  
 
 
(206
) 
 
 
(240
) 






 






 









Other comprehensive income
(loss)

  
$
808
  
 
$
86
  
 
$
(171
) 


 
  






 






 










Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income


The components of
accumulated other comprehensive income were as follows:

 


















(In millions)
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 















Year Ended June 30,
  
2011
 
 
2010
 
 
2009
 









Net unrealized gains (losses) on
derivatives

  
$
(163
) 
 
$
464
  
 
$
437
  



Net unrealized gains on
investments

  
 
1,821
  
 
 
767
  
 
 
502
  



Translation adjustments and
other

  
 
205
  
 
 
(176
) 
 
 
30
  






 






 









Accumulated other comprehensive
income

  
$
  1,863
  
 
$
  1,055
  
 
$
  969
  


 
  






 






 













X



- Definition
Tabular disclosure of the components of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss).
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTableTextBlock


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
nonnum:textBlockItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Tabular disclosure of components of comprehensive income (loss) including, but not limited to: (a) foreign currency translation adjustments; (b) gains (losses) on foreign currency transactions that are designated as, and are effective as, economic hedges of a net investment in a foreign entity; (c) gains (losses) on intercompany foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term-investment nature, when the entities to the transaction are consolidated, combined, or accounted for by the equity method in the reporting enterprise's financial statements; (d) change in the market value of a futures contract that qualifies as a hedge of an asset reported at fair value; (e) unrealized holding gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities and that resulting from transfers of debt securities from the held-to-maturity category to the available-for-sale category; (f) a net loss recognized as an additional pension liability not yet recognized as net periodic pension cost; and (g) the net gain (loss) and net prior service cost or credit for pension plans and other postretirement benefit plans.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Topic 220 -SubTopic 10 -Publisher FASB -Number  -Article  -Subparagraph  -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Paragraph 1 -Section 45 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920043&loc=d3e526-108580
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_ScheduleOfComprehensiveIncomeLossTableTextBlock


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
nonnum:textBlockItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration













XML
81
R47.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


EMPLOYEE STOCK AND SAVINGS PLANS (Tables)

12 Months Ended



Jun. 30, 2011



Stock-Based Compensation Expense and Related Income Tax Benefits


Stock-based compensation
expense and related income tax benefits were as follows:

 


















(In millions)
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 















Year Ended June 30,
  
2011
 
 
2010
 
 
2009
 









Stock-based compensation
expense

  
$
  2,166
  
 
$
  1,891
  
 
$
  1,708
  



Income tax benefits related to
stock-based compensation

  
$
758
  
 
$
662
  
 
$
598
  






Assumptions Used in Estimating the Fair Value of Award Grants


The fair value of each
award is estimated on the date of grant using the following
assumptions:

 































Year Ended June 30,
  
2011
 
 
2010
 
 
2009
 









Dividends per share (quarterly
amounts)

  
$
  0.13 – $  0.16
  
 
$
  0.13
  
 
$
  0.11 - $  0.13
  



Interest rates range

  
 
1.1% - 2.4%
  
 
 
2.1% - 2.9%
  
 
 
1.4% - 3.6%
  





Stock Plan Activity


During fiscal year 2011,
the following activity occurred under our stock plans:

 














 
  
Shares
 
 


Weighted

Average

Grant-Date

Fair
Value

 









 
  
(In millions)
 
 
 
 







Stock Awards
  
 
 
 
 
 








Nonvested balance, beginning of
year

  
 
223
  
 
$
  24.76
  



Granted

  
 
114
  
 
$
22.17
  



Vested

  
 
(63
) 
 
$
25.00
  



Forfeited

  
 
(19
) 
 
$
23.97
  






 
 
 
 



Nonvested balance, end of
year

  
 
255
  
 
$
23.59
  


 
  






 
 
 
 







Shared Performance Stock Awards
  
 
 
 
 
 








Nonvested balance, beginning of
year

  
 
30
  
 
$
25.32
  



Granted

  
 
18
  
 
$
22.56
  



Vested

  
 
(13
) 
 
$
25.63
  



Forfeited

  
 
(3
) 
 
$
24.05
  






 
 
 
 



Nonvested balance, end of
year

  
 
32
  
 
$
23.76
  


 
  






 
 
 
 



As of June 30, 2011,
there was $4.5 billion and $467 million of total unrecognized
compensation costs related to SAs and SPSAs, respectively. These
costs are expected to be recognized over a weighted average period
of 3.3 years and 2.5 years, respectively.

During fiscal year 2010
and 2009, the following activity occurred under our stock
plans:

 














(In millions, except fair values)
  
2010
 
 
2009
 














Stock Awards
  
 
 
 
 
 








Awards granted

  
 
100
  
 
 
91
  



Weighted average grant-date fair
value

  
$
  23.43
  
 
$
  24.95
  







Shared Performance Stock Awards
  
 
 
 
 
 








Awards granted

  
 
12
  
 
 
10
  



Weighted average grant-date fair
value

  
$
24.57
  
 
$
25.93
  






Share Based Compensation Plans Total Activity


Following are the fair
values of stock plan awards vested during the periods
reported:

 


















(In millions)
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 









 
  
2011
 
 
2010
 
 
2009
 









Total vest-date fair value of stock
awards vested

  
$
  1,521
  
 
$
  1,358
  
 
$
  1,137
  



Total vest-date fair value of shared
performance stock awards vested

  
$
289
  
 
$
227
  
 
$
485
  






Employee Stock Options Outstanding


Employee stock options
activity during 2011 was as follows:

 






















 
  
Shares
 
 


Weighted

Average

Exercise Price

 
 


Weighted

Average

Remaining

Contractual

Term

 
  


Aggregate

Intrinsic

Value

 









 
  
(In millions)
 
 
 
 
 
(Years)
 
  
(In millions)
 










Balance, July 1, 2010

  
 
187
  
 
$
  24.68
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 



Exercised

  
 
(79
) 
 
$
24.91
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 



Canceled

  
 
(15
) 
 
$
28.84
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 






 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 



Balance, June 30,
2011

  
 
93
  
 
$
23.21
  
 
 
1.04
  
  
$
  312
  



Exercisable, June 30,
2011

  
 
92
  
 
$
23.16
  
 
 
1.04
  
  
$
309
  






Stock Option Exercise Activity


During the periods
reported, the following stock option exercise activity
occurred:

 


















(In millions)
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 















 
  
2011
 
 
2010
 
 
2009
 



Total intrinsic value of stock
options exercised

  
$
222
  
 
$
365
  
 
$
  48
  



Cash received from stock option
exercises

  
$
  1,954
  
 
$
  1,839
  
 
$
88
  



Tax benefit realized from stock
option exercises

  
$
77
  
 
$
126
  
 
$
12
  






Employee Purchased Shares

Employees purchased the following
shares during the periods presented:

 


















(Shares in millions)
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 















Year Ended June 30,
  
2011
 
 
2010
 
 
2009
 









Shares purchased

  
 
20
  
 
 
20
  
 
 
24
  



Average price per share

  
$
  22.98
  
 
$
  23.73
  
 
$
  20.13
  









X



- Definition
The vest-date fair values of stock plan awards vested during the period.
+ Details


 Name:
msft_ScheduleOfFairValueStockAwardsVestedTableTextBlock


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
nonnum:textBlockItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Schedule of Stock Option Exercise Activity
+ Details


 Name:
msft_ScheduleOfStockOptionExerciseActivityTableTextBlock


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
nonnum:textBlockItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
For each plan, identification of the award pricing model or other valuation method used in calculating the weighted average fair values disclosed. The model is also used to calculate the compensation expense that is shown within the balance sheet, income statement, and cash flow. Examples of valuation techniques are lattice models (binomial model), closed-form models (Black-Scholes-Merton formula), and a Monte Carlo simulation technique. Fair value is the amount at which an asset (or liability) could be bought (or incurred) or sold (or settled) in a current transaction between willing parties, that is, other than in a forced or liquidation sale. May include disclosures about the assumptions underlying application of the method selected.
+ Details


 Name:
msft_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsMethodUsedTableTextBlock


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
nonnum:textBlockItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Tabular disclosure of components of a stock option or other award plan under which equity-based compensation is awarded to employees, typically comprised of the amount of unearned compensation (deferred compensation cost), compensation expense, and changes in the quantity and fair value of the shares (or other type of equity) granted, exercised, forfeited, and issued and outstanding pertaining to that plan.  Disclosure may also include nature and general terms of such arrangements that existed during the period and potential effects of those arrangements on shareholders, effect of compensation cost arising from equity-based payment arrangements on the income statement, method of estimating the fair value of the goods or services received, or the fair value of the equity instruments granted, during the period, cash flow effects resulting from equity-based payment arrangements and, for registrants that accelerate vesting of out of the money share options, reasons for the decision to accelerate.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph 64, 65, A240 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5047-113901Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_DisclosureOfShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardTextBlock


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
nonnum:textBlockItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Tabular disclosure of the amount of total share-based compensation cost, including the amounts attributable to each share-based compensation plan and any related tax benefits.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Publisher FASB -Number  -Article  -Subparagraph (h)(1) -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Paragraph 2 -Section 50 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_ScheduleOfCompensationCostForShareBasedPaymentArrangementsAllocationOfShareBasedCompensationCostsByPlanTableTextBlock


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
nonnum:textBlockItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Tabular disclosure of the number of shares authorized to be purchased, the number of shares purchased at the beginning and end of the period, the number of shares purchased during the period, the weighted-average purchase price of stock purchased under the plan and the weighted average per share fair value of stock purchased under the plan.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Publisher FASB -Number  -Article  -Subparagraph (g) -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Paragraph 2 -Section 50 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationEmployeeStockPurchasePlanActivityTableTextBlock


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
nonnum:textBlockItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Tabular disclosure of the number and weighted-average exercise prices (or conversion ratios) for share options (or share units) that were outstanding at the beginning and end of the year, vested and expected to vest, exercisable or convertible at the end of the year, and the number of share options or share units that were granted, exercised or converted, forfeited, and expired during the year.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Publisher FASB -Number  -Article  -Subparagraph (c)(1) -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Paragraph 2 -Section 50 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsActivityTableTextBlock


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
nonnum:textBlockItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration













XML
82
R48.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


SEGMENT INFORMATION AND GEOGRAPHIC DATA (Tables)

12 Months Ended



Jun. 30, 2011



Segment Revenue and Operating Income (Loss)


Segment revenue and
operating income (loss) were as follows during the periods
presented:

 


















(In millions)
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 















Year Ended June 30,
  
2011
 
 
2010
 
 
2009
 








Revenue
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 









Windows & Windows Live
Division

  
$
  18,778
  
 
$
  18,792
  
 
$
  15,563
  



Server and Tools

  
 
17,107
  
 
 
15,390
  
 
 
14,686
  



Online Services Division

  
 
2,528
  
 
 
2,200
  
 
 
2,110
  



Microsoft Business
Division

  
 
21,986
  
 
 
19,345
  
 
 
19,211
  



Entertainment and Devices
Division

  
 
8,716
  
 
 
6,224
  
 
 
6,416
  



Unallocated and other

  
 
828
  
 
 
533
  
 
 
451
  






 






 









Consolidated

  
$
69,943
  
 
$
62,484
  
 
$
58,437
  


 
  






 






 









 


















(In millions)
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 















Year Ended June 30,
  
2011
 
 
2010
 
 
2009
 








Operating Income (Loss)
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 









Windows & Windows Live
Division

  
$
  11,968
  
 
$
  12,253
  
 
$
9,372
  



Server and Tools

  
 
6,453
  
 
 
5,320
  
 
 
4,627
  



Online Services Division

  
 
(2,638
) 
 
 
(2,410
) 
 
 
(1,749
) 



Microsoft Business
Division

  
 
13,827
  
 
 
11,642
  
 
 
11,153
  



Entertainment and Devices
Division

  
 
1,135
  
 
 
573
  
 
 
288
  



Reconciling amounts

  
 
(3,584
) 
 
 
(3,280
) 
 
 
(3,328
) 






 






 









Consolidated

  
$
27,161
  
 
$
24,098
  
 
$
  20,363
  


 
  






 






 










Significant Reconciling Items


Significant reconciling
items were as follows:

 


















(In millions)
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 















Year Ended June 30,
  
2011
 
 
2010
 
 
2009
 









Corporate-level
activity (a)

  
$
  (4,619
) 
 
$
  (4,260
) 
 
$
  (4,318
) 



Stock-based compensation
expense

  
 
544
  
 
 
556
  
 
 
753
  



Revenue reconciling
amounts

  
 
632
  
 
 
366
  
 
 
256
  



Other

  
 
(141
) 
 
 
58
  
 
 
(19
) 






 






 









Total

  
$
(3,584
) 
 
$
(3,280
) 
 
$
(3,328
) 


 
  






 






 









 


(a)

Corporate-level activity excludes stock-based compensation
expense and revenue reconciling amounts presented separately in
those line items.






Revenue Classified by Major Geographic Areas


Revenue, classified by
the major geographic areas in which our customers are located, was
as follows:

 


















(In millions)
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 















Year Ended June 30,
  
2011
 
 
2010
 
 
2009
 









United
States (a)

  
$
  38,008
  
 
$
  36,173
  
 
$
  33,052
  



Other countries

  
 
31,935
  
 
 
26,311
  
 
 
25,385
  






 






 









Total

  
$
69,943
  
 
$
62,484
  
 
$
58,437
  


 
  






 






 









 


(a)

Includes shipments to customers in the U.S. and licensing to
certain OEMs and multinational organizations.






Revenue Classified By Significant Product And Service Offerings


Revenue from external
customers, classified by significant product and service offerings
were as follows:

 


















(In millions)
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 















Year Ended June 30,
  
2011
 
 
2010
 
 
2009
 









Microsoft Office system

  
$
  20,730
  
 
$
  17,754
  
 
$
  17,998
  



Windows PC operating
systems

  
 
17,825
  
 
 
18,225
  
 
 
14,653
  



Server products and tools

  
 
13,251
  
 
 
12,007
  
 
 
11,344
  



Xbox 360 platform

  
 
8,103
  
 
 
5,456
  
 
 
5,475
  



Consulting and product support
services

  
 
3,372
  
 
 
3,036
  
 
 
3,024
  



Advertising

  
 
2,913
  
 
 
2,528
  
 
 
2,345
  



Other

  
 
3,749
  
 
 
3,478
  
 
 
3,598
  






 






 









Total

  
$
69,943
  
 
$
62,484
  
 
$
58,437
  


 
  






 






 











Long-Lived Assets, Excluding Financial Instruments and Deferred Taxes, Classified by the Location of the Controlling Statutory Company


Long-lived assets,
excluding financial instruments and deferred taxes, classified by
the location of the controlling statutory company, were as
follows:

 


















(In millions)
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 















June 30,
  
2011
 
 
2010
 
 
2009
 









United States

  
$
  18,498
  
 
$
  18,716
  
 
$
  19,362
  



Other countries

  
 
2,989
  
 
 
2,466
  
 
 
2,435
  






 






 









Total

  
$
21,487
  
 
$
21,182
  
 
$
21,797
  


 
  






 






 













X



- Definition
Tabular disclosure of  all significant reconciling items in the reconciliation of total profit or loss from reportable segments, to the entity's consolidated income before income taxes, extraordinary items, and discontinued operations.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 131 -Paragraph 32 -Subparagraph b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 280 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 31 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6534315&loc=d3e8924-108599Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 280 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 30 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6534315&loc=d3e8906-108599
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_ReconciliationOfOperatingProfitLossFromSegmentsToConsolidatedTextBlock


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
nonnum:textBlockItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Tabular disclosure of the names of foreign countries in which material long-lived assets other than financial instruments, long-term customer relationships of a financial institution, mortgage and other servicing rights, deferred policy acquisition costs, and deferred tax assets are located, and amount of such long-lived assets located in that country or foreign geographic area.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 131 -Paragraph 38 -Subparagraph b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 280 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 41 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6534315&loc=d3e9038-108599
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_ScheduleOfEntityWideDisclosureOnGeographicAreasLongLivedAssetsInIndividualForeignCountriesByCountryTextBlock


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
nonnum:textBlockItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Tabular disclosure of entity-wide revenues from external customers for each product or service or each group of similar products or services if the information is not provided as part of the reportable operating segment information.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 131 -Paragraph 37 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 280 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 40 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6534315&loc=d3e9031-108599
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_ScheduleOfEntityWideInformationRevenueFromExternalCustomersByProductsAndServicesTextBlock


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
nonnum:textBlockItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Tabular disclosure of the names of foreign countries from which revenue is material and the amount of revenue from external customers attributed to those countries. An entity may also provide subtotals of geographic information about groups of countries.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 131 -Paragraph 38 -Subparagraph a -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6880815&loc=d3e20235-122688Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 280 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 41 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6534315&loc=d3e9038-108599
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_ScheduleOfRevenueFromExternalCustomersAttributedToForeignCountriesByGeographicAreaTextBlock


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
nonnum:textBlockItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Tabular disclosure of the profit or loss and total assets for each reportable segment. An entity discloses certain information on each reportable segment if the amounts (a) are included in the measure of segment profit or loss reviewed by the chief operating decision maker or (b) are otherwise regularly provided to the chief operating decision maker, even if not included in that measure of segment profit or loss.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 280 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 21 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6534315&loc=d3e8721-108599Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 280 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 22 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6534315&loc=d3e8736-108599Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 131 -Paragraph 27, 28 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 280 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 30 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6534315&loc=d3e8906-108599Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 350 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6905597&loc=d3e13816-109267Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 280 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 25 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6534315&loc=d3e8813-108599
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentTextBlock


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
nonnum:textBlockItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration













XML
83
R49.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


QUARTERLY INFORMATION (Unaudited) (Tables)

12 Months Ended



Jun. 30, 2011



Quarterly Information (Unaudited)



























(In millions, except per share amounts)
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

















Quarter Ended
  
September 30
 
 
December 31
 
 
March 31
 
 
June 30
 
 
Total
 










Fiscal Year 2011
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 











Revenue

  
$
  16,195
  
 
$
  19,953
  
 
$
  16,428
  
 
$
  17,367
  
 
$
  69,943
  



Gross profit

  
 
13,056
  
 
 
15,120
  
 
 
12,531
  
 
 
13,659
  
 
 
54,366
  



Net income

  
 
5,410
  
 
 
6,634
  
 
 
5,232
 (a) 
 
 
5,874
 (b) 
 
 
23,150
  



Basic earnings per share

  
 
0.63
  
 
 
0.78
  
 
 
0.62
  
 
 
0.70
  
 
 
2.73
  



Diluted earnings per share

  
 
0.62
  
 
 
0.77
  
 
 
0.61
  
 
 
0.69
  
 
 
2.69
  






 






 






 






 
















Fiscal Year 2010
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 











Revenue

  
$
12,920
  (d) 
 
$
19,022
  (c) 
 
$
14,503
  
 
$
16,039
  
 
$
62,484
  



Gross profit

  
 
10,078
  
 
 
15,394
  
 
 
11,748
  
 
 
12,869
  
 
 
50,089
  



Net income

  
 
3,574
  
 
 
6,662
  
 
 
4,006
  
 
 
4,518
  
 
 
18,760
  



Basic earnings per share

  
 
0.40
  
 
 
0.75
  
 
 
0.46
  
 
 
0.52
  
 
 
2.13
  



Diluted earnings per share

  
 
0.40
  
 
 
0.74
  
 
 
0.45
  
 
 
0.51
  
 
 
2.10
  




 


(a)

Includes a partial settlement of an I.R.S. audit of tax
years 2004 to 2006, which increased net income by $461
million.





(b)

Reflects an effective tax rate of 7% due mainly to the
adjustment of our previously estimated effective tax rate for the
year to reflect the actual full year mix of foreign and U.S.
taxable income. In addition, upon completion of our annual domestic
and foreign tax returns, we adjusted the estimated tax provision to
reflect the tax returns filed and recorded an income tax benefit
which lowered our effective tax rate.





(c)

Reflects $1.7 billion of revenue recognized for sales of
Windows Vista with a guarantee to be upgraded to Windows 7 at
minimal or no cost and of Windows 7 to original equipment
manufacturers and retailers before general availability (the
“Windows 7 Deferral”).





(d)

Reflects $1.5 billion of revenue deferred to future periods
relating to the Windows 7 Deferral.









X



- Definition
Tabular disclosure of the quarterly financial data in the annual financial statements. The disclosure includes financial information for each fiscal quarter for the current and previous year, including revenues, gross profit, income (loss) before extraordinary items and cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle and earnings per share data.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Topic 270 -SubTopic 10 -Publisher FASB -Number  -Article  -Subparagraph (a)-(j) -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Paragraph 1 -Section 50 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6952194&loc=d3e1280-108306
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
nonnum:textBlockItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration













XML
84
R5.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


CASH FLOWS STATEMENTS (USD $)In Millions

12 Months Ended



Jun. 30, 2011


Jun. 30, 2010


Jun. 30, 2009



Operations
 
 
 


Net income
$ 23,150
$ 18,760
$ 14,569


Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash from operations:
 
 
 


Depreciation, amortization, and other
2,766
2,673
2,562


Stock-based compensation expense
2,166
1,891
1,708


Net recognized losses (gains) on investments and derivatives
(362)
(208)
683


Excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation
(17)
(45)
(52)


Deferred income taxes
2
(220)
762


Deferral of unearned revenue
31,227
29,374
24,409


Recognition of unearned revenue
(28,935)
(28,813)
(25,426)


Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
 
 
 


Accounts receivable
(1,451)
(2,238)
2,215


Inventories
(561)
(44)
255


Other current assets
(1,259)
464
(677)


Other long-term assets
62
(223)
(273)


Accounts payable
58
844
(671)


Other current liabilities
(1,146)
451
(2,700)


Other long-term liabilities
1,294
1,407
1,673


Net cash from operations
26,994
24,073
19,037


Financing
 
 
 


Short-term debt borrowings (repayments), maturities of 90 days or less, net
(186)
(991)
1,178


Proceeds from issuance of debt, maturities longer than 90 days
6,960
4,167
4,796


Repayments of debt, maturities longer than 90 days
(814)
(2,986)
(228)


Common stock issued
2,422
2,311
579


Common stock repurchased
(11,555)
(11,269)
(9,353)


Common stock cash dividends paid
(5,180)
(4,578)
(4,468)


Excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation
17
45
52


Other
(40)
10
(19)


Net cash used in financing
(8,376)
(13,291)
(7,463)


Investing
 
 
 


Additions to property and equipment
(2,355)
(1,977)
(3,119)


Acquisition of companies, net of cash acquired
(71)
(245)
(868)


Purchases of investments
(35,993)
(30,168)
(36,850)


Maturities of investments
6,897
7,453
6,191


Sales of investments
15,880
15,125
19,806


Securities lending payable
1,026
(1,502)
(930)


Net cash used in investing
(14,616)
(11,314)
(15,770)


Effect of exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents
103
(39)
(67)


Net change in cash and cash equivalents
4,105
(571)
(4,263)


Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period
5,505
6,076
10,339


Cash and cash equivalents, end of period
$ 9,610
$ 5,505
$ 6,076





X



- Definition
The aggregate net amount of depreciation, amortization, and accretion recognized during an accounting period, and other operating transactions that are not included elsewhere in the statement of cash flows.
+ Details


 Name:
msft_DepreciationAmortizationAndOther


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
This item represents gains (losses) included in earnings for the period as a result of selling or holding securities and derivatives.
+ Details


 Name:
msft_GainLossOnInvestmentsAndDerivativeInstruments


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The cash inflow from short-term and long-term borrowings with maturities longer than 90 days.
+ Details


 Name:
msft_ProceedsFromShortAndLongTermBorrowings


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The cash outflow of short-term and long-term borrowings with maturities longer than 90 days.
+ Details


 Name:
msft_RepaymentsOfShortTermAndLongTermBorrowings


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Details


 Name:
us-gaap_AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Represents the expense recognized during the period arising from equity-based compensation arrangements (for example, shares of stock, unit, stock options or other equity instruments) with employees, directors and certain consultants qualifying for treatment as employees.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5047-113901Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (h)(1)(i) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph A240 -Subparagraph g(1) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 14.F) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6793087&loc=d3e301413-122809Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 14 -Section FReference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph 64 -Subparagraph b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Includes currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. It also includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits in that the Entity may deposit additional funds at any time and also effectively may withdraw funds at any time without prior notice or penalty. Cash equivalents, excluding items classified as marketable securities, include short-term, highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash, and so near their maturity that they present minimal risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Generally, only investments with original maturities of three months or less qualify under that definition. Original maturity means original maturity to the entity holding the investment. For example, both a three-month US Treasury bill and a three-year Treasury note purchased three months from maturity qualify as cash equivalents. However, a Treasury note purchased three years ago does not become a cash equivalent when its remaining maturity is three months. Compensating balance arrangements that do not legally restrict the withdrawal or usage of cash amounts may be reported as Cash and Cash Equivalents, while legally restricted deposits held as compensating balances against borrowing arrangements, contracts entered into with others, or company statements of intention with regard to particular deposits are not generally reported as cash and cash equivalents. Includes cash and cash equivalents associated with the entity's continuing operations. Excludes cash and cash equivalents associated with the disposal group (and discontinued operation).
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 1 -Article 5Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 7 -Footnote 1 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6943989&loc=d3e3044-108585Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 8, 9 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6361293&loc=d3e6676-107765Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Cash -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6506951Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 7, 26 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Cash Equivalents -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6507016
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in cash and cash equivalents. While for technical reasons this element has no balance attribute, the default assumption is a debit balance consistent with its label.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 26 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 24 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6943989&loc=d3e3521-108585
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The component of income tax expense for the period representing the increase (decrease) in the entity's deferred tax assets and liabilities pertaining to continuing operations.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Deferred Tax Expense (or Benefit) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6510177Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Paragraph h -Article 4Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 6 -Section I -Subsection 7Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 45 -Subparagraph b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 289 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 28 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 9 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32639-109319Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(h)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6881521&loc=d3e23780-122690Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6943989&loc=d3e3602-108585Reference 10: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 6.I.7) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6889476&loc=d3e330036-122817
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The effect of exchange rate changes on cash balances held in foreign currencies.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 25 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 830 -SubTopic 230 -Section 45 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6450594&loc=d3e33268-110906
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_EffectOfExchangeRateOnCashAndCashEquivalents


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Reductions in the entity's income taxes that arise when compensation cost (from non-qualified share-based compensation) recognized on the entity's tax return exceeds compensation cost from equity-based compensation recognized in financial statements. This element represents the cash inflow reported in the enterprise's financing activities.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph A240 -Subparagraph i -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) -Number 00-15 -Paragraph 3 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 20 -Section 55 -Paragraph 24 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6576910&loc=d3e11374-113907
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_ExcessTaxBenefitFromShareBasedCompensationFinancingActivities


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Reductions in the entity's income taxes that arise when compensation cost (from non-qualified equity-based compensation) recognized on the entity's tax return exceeds compensation cost from equity-based compensation recognized in financial statements. This element reduces net cash provided by operating activities.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph A96 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 20 -Section 55 -Paragraph 24 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6576910&loc=d3e11374-113907
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_ExcessTaxBenefitFromShareBasedCompensationOperatingActivities


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate amount of liabilities incurred (and for which invoices have typically been received) and payable to vendors for goods and services received that are used in an entity's business.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 28 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6943989&loc=d3e3602-108585
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayable


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in amount due within one year (or one business cycle) from customers for the credit sale of goods and services.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 28 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6943989&loc=d3e3602-108585
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the amount of cash that is received as security when loaning securities.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6943989&loc=d3e3602-108585
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInCashCollateralForLoanedSecurities


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The increase (decrease) during the reporting period, excluding the portion taken into income, in the liability reflecting revenue yet to be earned for which cash or other forms of consideration was received or recorded as a receivable.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 28 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6943989&loc=d3e3602-108585
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInDeferredRevenue


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate value of all inventory held by the reporting entity, associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 28 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6943989&loc=d3e3602-108585
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Details


 Name:
us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in other current operating assets not separately disclosed in the statement of cash flows.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherCurrentAssets


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in other current operating liabilities not separately disclosed in the statement of cash flows.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherCurrentLiabilities


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in other noncurrent operating assets not separately disclosed in the statement of cash flows.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherNoncurrentAssets


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in other noncurrent operating liabilities not separately disclosed in the statement of cash flows.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherNoncurrentLiabilities


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The net cash inflow or outflow from financing activity for the period.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 26 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 24 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6943989&loc=d3e3521-108585Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 26 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6943989&loc=d3e3574-108585
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Details


 Name:
us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The net cash inflow or outflow from investing activity.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 26 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 24 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6943989&loc=d3e3521-108585Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 26 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6943989&loc=d3e3574-108585
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Details


 Name:
us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The net cash from (used in) all of the entity's operating activities, including those of discontinued operations, of the reporting entity. Operating activities generally involve producing and delivering goods and providing services. Operating activity cash flows include transactions, adjustments, and changes in value that are not defined as investing or financing activities. While for technical reasons this element has no balance attribute, the default assumption is a debit balance consistent with its label.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 24 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6943989&loc=d3e3521-108585Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 25 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6943989&loc=d3e3536-108585Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 28 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 26 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6943989&loc=d3e3602-108585
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Details


 Name:
us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The portion of profit or loss for the period, net of income taxes, which is attributable to the parent.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.22) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879464&loc=d3e573970-122913Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6943989&loc=d3e3602-108585Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.18) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6880815&loc=d3e20235-122688Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph 38 -Subparagraph a -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 220 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 6 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920043&loc=d3e565-108580Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph A7 -Appendix AReference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 130 -Paragraph 10, 15 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Other Comprehensive Income -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6519514Reference 10: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph 38 -Subparagraph d -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 11: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) -Number 87-21 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 12: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Net Income -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6518256Reference 13: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.19) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879464&loc=d3e573970-122913Reference 14: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 5 -Section 03 -Paragraph 19Reference 15: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 28, 29, 30 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 16: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Paragraph 20 -Article 9
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The cash outflow to reacquire common stock during the period.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 15 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6943989&loc=d3e3291-108585Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 18 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 20 -Subparagraph a -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Financing Activities -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6513228
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_PaymentsForRepurchaseOfCommonStock


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The cash outflow from the distribution of an entity's earnings in the form of dividends to common shareholders.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 15 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6943989&loc=d3e3291-108585Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 18 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 20 -Subparagraph a -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Financing Activities -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6513228
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_PaymentsOfDividendsCommonStock


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of a business, net of the cash acquired from the purchase.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 15, 17 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Investing Activities -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6516133Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 13 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6943989&loc=d3e3213-108585
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesNetOfCashAcquired


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The cash outflow associated with the purchase of all investments (debt, security, other) during the period.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 15, 17 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Investing Activities -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6516133Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 13 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6943989&loc=d3e3213-108585
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireInvestments


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of long-lived, physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 13 -Subparagraph (c) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6943989&loc=d3e3213-108585Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 15 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 17 -Subparagraph c -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Investing Activities -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6516133
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The cash inflow from the additional capital contribution to the entity.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 14 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6943989&loc=d3e3255-108585Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 18 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 19 -Subparagraph a -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Financing Activities -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6513228
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfCommonStock


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The cash inflow associated with maturities (principal being due), prepayments and calls (requests of early payments) on securities not classified as either held-to-maturity securities or trading securities which are classified as available-for-sale securities.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 16 -Subparagraph a -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Investing Activities -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6516133Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 15 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 320 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 11 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6871852&loc=d3e26853-111562Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 16 -Subparagraph b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher OTS -Name Federal Regulation (FR) -Number Title 12 -Chapter V -Section 563c.102 -Subsection III -LegacyDoc This is a non-GAAP reference that was included in the 2009 taxonomy.  It will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 12 -Subparagraph (a),(b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6943989&loc=d3e3179-108585
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_ProceedsFromMaturitiesPrepaymentsAndCallsOfAvailableForSaleSecurities


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The net cash inflow or outflow from other financing activities. This element is used when there is not a more specific and appropriate element in the taxonomy.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 8 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6943989&loc=d3e3095-108585Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 18, 19, 20 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Financing Activities -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6513228Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 9 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6943989&loc=d3e3098-108585
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_ProceedsFromPaymentsForOtherFinancingActivities


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The cash inflow from a borrowing net of the cash outflow from repayment of a borrowing having initial term of repayment within three months.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 8 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6943989&loc=d3e3095-108585Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 9 -Subparagraph (c) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6943989&loc=d3e3098-108585Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 18 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 14 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6943989&loc=d3e3255-108585Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Financing Activities -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6513228Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 15 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6943989&loc=d3e3291-108585
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_ProceedsFromRepaymentsOfShortTermDebtMaturingInThreeMonthsOrLess


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The cash inflow associated with the sale of debt and equity securities classified as available-for-sale securities.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 16 -Subparagraph a -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Investing Activities -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6516133Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 15 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 320 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 11 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6871852&loc=d3e26853-111562Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 16 -Subparagraph b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 115 -Paragraph 18 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 12 -Subparagraph (a),(b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6943989&loc=d3e3179-108585
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfAvailableForSaleSecurities


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The amount of previously reported deferred or unearned revenue that was recognized as revenue during the period. For cash flows, this element primarily pertains to amortization of deferred credits on long-term arrangements. As a noncash item, it is deducted from net income when calculating cash provided by or used in operations using the indirect method.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 13 -Section A -Subsection 1Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6943989&loc=d3e3602-108585Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 605 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 13.A.4(a).Q1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6600647&loc=d3e214044-122780
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_RecognitionOfDeferredRevenue


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
duration













XML
85
R50.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


Accounting Policies - Additional Information (Detail) (USD $)

12 Months Ended



Jun. 30, 2011

Year

Entity


Jun. 30, 2010

Year

Entity


Jun. 30, 2009

Year

Entity



Significant Accounting Policies [Line Items]
 
 
 


Advertising expense
$ 1,900,000,000
$ 1,600,000,000
$ 1,400,000,000


Estimated useful lives of intangible assets, minimum
1
1
1


Estimated useful lives of intangible assets, maximum
10
10
10


Severance expenses
 
$ 59,000,000
$ 330,000,000


Percentage of market value at which employees are able to purchase shares of common stock
90.00%
 
 



Software

 
 
 


Significant Accounting Policies [Line Items]
 
 
 


Estimated useful lives, average
3
 
 



Computer Equipment

 
 
 


Significant Accounting Policies [Line Items]
 
 
 


Estimated useful lives, minimum
2
2
2


Estimated useful lives, maximum
3
3
3



Buildings and Improvements

 
 
 


Significant Accounting Policies [Line Items]
 
 
 


Estimated useful lives, minimum
5
5
5


Estimated useful lives, maximum
15
15
15



Leasehold Improvements

 
 
 


Significant Accounting Policies [Line Items]
 
 
 


Estimated useful lives, minimum
2
2
2


Estimated useful lives, maximum
10
10
10



Furniture and Fixtures

 
 
 


Significant Accounting Policies [Line Items]
 
 
 


Estimated useful lives, minimum
1
1
1


Estimated useful lives, maximum
5
5
5



Lower Limit

 
 
 


Significant Accounting Policies [Line Items]
 
 
 


Hardware product warranty term
90 days
90 days
90 days


Share-based compensation cost recognition/vesting/service period
4 years
4 years
4 years



Upper Limit

 
 
 


Significant Accounting Policies [Line Items]
 
 
 


Hardware product warranty term
3 years
3 years
3 years


Share-based compensation cost recognition/vesting/service period
5 years
5 years
5 years





X



- Definition
The percentage of market value at which employees are able to purchase shares of common stock.
+ Details


 Name:
msft_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentEmployeeStockPurchasePlanPurchasePrice


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
num:percentItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Significant Accounting Policies [Line Items]
+ Details


 Name:
msft_SignificantAccountingPoliciesLineItems


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Term of Product Warranty
+ Details


 Name:
msft_TermOfProductWarranty


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
us-types:durationStringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Amount charged to advertising expense for the period, which are expenses incurred with the objective of increasing revenue for a specified brand, product or product line.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Statement of Position (SOP) -Number 93-7 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 720 -SubTopic 35 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6420018&loc=d3e36677-107848
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_AdvertisingExpense


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The maximum useful life of a major finite-lived intangible asset class. A major class is composed of intangible assets that can be grouped together because they are similar either by their nature or by their use in the operations of a company.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 350 -SubTopic 30 -Section 35 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6904245&loc=d3e15217-109273Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 350 -SubTopic 30 -Section 35 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6904245&loc=d3e15300-109273Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 350 -SubTopic 30 -Section 35 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6904245&loc=d3e15211-109273
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsUsefulLifeMaximum


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:decimalItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The minimum useful life of a major finite-lived intangible asset class. A major class is composed of intangible assets that can be grouped together because they are similar either by their nature or by their use in the operations of a company.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 350 -SubTopic 30 -Section 35 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6904245&loc=d3e15217-109273Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 350 -SubTopic 30 -Section 35 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6904245&loc=d3e15300-109273Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 350 -SubTopic 30 -Section 35 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6904245&loc=d3e15211-109273
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsUsefulLifeMinimum


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:decimalItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The average useful life of long-lived, physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include land, buildings, machinery and equipment, and other types of furniture and equipment including, but not limited to, office equipment, furniture and fixtures, and computer equipment and software.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLifeAverage


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:decimalItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The maximum useful life of long-lived, physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include land, buildings, machinery and equipment, and other types of furniture and equipment including, but not limited to, office equipment, furniture and fixtures, and computer equipment and software.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLifeMaximum


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:decimalItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The minimum useful life of long lived, physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include land, buildings, machinery and equipment, and other types of furniture and equipment including, but not limited to, office equipment, furniture and fixtures, and computer equipment and software.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLifeMinimum


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:decimalItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The charge against earnings in the period for known and estimated costs of termination benefits provided to current employees that are involuntarily terminated under a benefit arrangement associated with exit from or disposal of business activities or restructurings pursuant to a duly authorized plan, excluding costs or losses pertaining to an entity newly acquired in a business combination or a discontinued operation as defined by generally accepted accounting principles and costs associated with one-time termination benefits.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 420 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 5.P.3) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6394695&loc=d3e140864-122747Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name FASB Staff Position (FSP) -Number FAS146-1 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (a)(10) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6962843&loc=d3e1928-114920Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 132R -Paragraph 5-8 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 420 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 5.P.4(b)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6394695&loc=d3e140904-122747Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 5 -Section P -Subsection 3, 4Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 420 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6394359&loc=d3e17939-110869Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 146 -Paragraph 8-13, 20 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 112 -Paragraph 7 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 10: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6943989&loc=d3e3602-108585
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_SeveranceCosts


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Description of the estimated period of time over which an employee is required to provide service in exchange for the equity-based payment award, which often is the vesting period. This period may be explicit or implicit based on the terms of the award, and may be presented in a variety of ways (for example, year, month and year, day, month and year, quarter of a year).
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph A240 -Subparagraph a -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (a)(1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardRequisiteServicePeriod


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
us-types:durationStringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration













XML
86
R51.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


Allowance for Doubtful Accounts (Detail) (Allowance for doubtful accounts, USD $)In Millions

12 Months Ended



Jun. 30, 2011


Jun. 30, 2010


Jun. 30, 2009




Allowance for doubtful accounts

 
 
 


Financing Receivable, Allowance for Credit Losses [Line Items]
 
 
 


Balance, beginning of period
$ 375
$ 451
$ 153


Charged to costs and other
14
45
360


Write-offs
(56)
(121)
(62)


Balance, end of period
$ 333
$ 375
$ 451





X



- Definition
Total of allowances and reserves, the valuation and qualifying accounts that are either netted against the cost of an asset (in order to value it at its carrying value) or that reflect a liability established to represent expected future costs, charged to costs and expenses, as well as other adjustments to the reserves that are not charged to costs and expenses.
+ Details


 Name:
msft_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToCostsAndOther


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_FinancingReceivableAllowanceForCreditLossesLineItems


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Total of allowances and reserves, the valuation and qualifying accounts that are either netted against the cost of an asset (in order to value it at its carrying value) or that reflect a liability established to represent expected future costs.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 09 -Article 12Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6881521&loc=d3e24092-122690
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
Total of the deductions in a given period to allowances and reserves, the valuation and qualifying accounts that are either netted against the cost of an asset (in order to value it at its carrying value) or that reflect a liability established to represent expected future costs, representing receivables written off as uncollectible and portions of the reserves utilized, respectively.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 09 -Article 12Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6881521&loc=d3e24092-122690
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductions


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
duration













XML
87
R52.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


Basic and Diluted Earnings Per Share (Detail) (USD $)In Millions, except Per Share data

3 Months Ended
12 Months Ended



Jun. 30, 2011


Mar. 31, 2011


Dec. 31, 2010


Sep. 30, 2010


Jun. 30, 2010


Mar. 31, 2010


Dec. 31, 2009


Sep. 30, 2009


Jun. 30, 2011


Jun. 30, 2010


Jun. 30, 2009



Schedule of Earnings Per Share, Basic and Diluted, by Common Class [Line Items]
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


Net income available for common shareholders (A)
$ 5,874
[1]
$ 5,232
[2]
$ 6,634
$ 5,410
$ 4,518
$ 4,006
$ 6,662
$ 3,574
$ 23,150
$ 18,760
$ 14,569


Weighted average outstanding shares of common stock (B)
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
8,490
8,813
8,945


Dilutive effect of stock-based awards
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
103
114
51


Common stock and common stock equivalents (C)
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
8,593
8,927
8,996


Earnings Per Share
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


Basic (A/B)
$ 0.70

$ 0.62

$ 0.78
$ 0.63
$ 0.52
$ 0.46
$ 0.75
$ 0.40
$ 2.73
$ 2.13
$ 1.63


Diluted (A/C)
$ 0.69

$ 0.61

$ 0.77
$ 0.62
$ 0.51
$ 0.45
$ 0.74
$ 0.40
$ 2.69
$ 2.10
$ 1.62








[1]
Reflects an effective tax rate of 7% due mainly to the adjustment of our previously estimated effective tax rate for the year to reflect the actual full year mix of foreign and U.S. taxable income. In addition, upon completion of our annual domestic and foreign tax returns, we adjusted the estimated tax provision to reflect the tax returns filed and recorded an income tax benefit which lowered our effective tax rate.


[2]
Includes a partial settlement of an I.R.S. audit of tax years 2004 to 2006, which increased net income by $461 million.








X



- Definition
Schedule of Earnings Per Share, Basic and Diluted, by Common Class [Line Items]
+ Details


 Name:
msft_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedByCommonClassLineItems


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Details


 Name:
us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The amount of net income (loss) for the period per each share of common stock or unit outstanding during the reporting period.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 55 -Paragraph 52 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6945512&loc=d3e4984-109258Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) -Number 07-4 -Paragraph 4 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 5 -Section 03 -Paragraph 20Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.19) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879464&loc=d3e573970-122913Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 7 -Paragraph 18Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 942 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-04.23) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879574&loc=d3e536633-122882Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 128 -Paragraph 36, 37, 38 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.21) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6880815&loc=d3e20235-122688Reference 10: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Paragraph 21 -Article 9Reference 11: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920599&loc=d3e1252-109256
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
num:perShareItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The amount of net income (loss) for the period available to each share of common stock or common unit outstanding during the reporting period and to each share or unit that would have been outstanding assuming the issuance of common shares or units for all dilutive potential common shares or units outstanding during the reporting period.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 128 -Paragraph 11, 12, 36 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.21) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6880815&loc=d3e20235-122688Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 5 -Section 03 -Paragraph 20Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920599&loc=d3e1252-109256Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 7 -Paragraph 18Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Paragraph 21 -Article 9Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) -Number 07-4 -Paragraph 4 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
num:perShareItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Additional shares included in the calculation of diluted EPS as a result of the potentially dilutive effect of share based payment arrangements using the treasury stock method.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 128 -Paragraph 20 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28A -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920599&loc=d3e1500-109256
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_IncrementalCommonSharesAttributableToShareBasedPaymentArrangements


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:sharesItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The portion of profit or loss for the period, net of income taxes, which is attributable to the parent.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.22) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879464&loc=d3e573970-122913Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6943989&loc=d3e3602-108585Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.18) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6880815&loc=d3e20235-122688Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph 38 -Subparagraph a -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 220 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 6 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920043&loc=d3e565-108580Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph A7 -Appendix AReference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 130 -Paragraph 10, 15 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Other Comprehensive Income -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6519514Reference 10: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph 38 -Subparagraph d -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 11: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) -Number 87-21 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 12: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Net Income -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6518256Reference 13: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.19) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879464&loc=d3e573970-122913Reference 14: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 5 -Section 03 -Paragraph 19Reference 15: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 28, 29, 30 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 16: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Paragraph 20 -Article 9
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The average number of shares or units issued and outstanding that are used in calculating diluted EPS or earnings per unit (EPU), determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 16 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920599&loc=d3e1505-109256Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) -Number 07-4 -Paragraph 4 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 128 -Paragraph 40 -Subparagraph a -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 128 -Paragraph 8 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:sharesItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Number of [basic] shares or units, after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding, determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 10 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920599&loc=d3e1448-109256Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 128 -Paragraph 171 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Weighted-Average Number of Common Shares Outstanding -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6528421Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 128 -Paragraph 40 -Subparagraph a -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 128 -Paragraph 8 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) -Number 07-4 -Paragraph 4 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:sharesItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration













XML
88
R53.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


Shares Excluded from Computation of Diluted Earnings Per Share (Detail)In Millions

12 Months Ended



Jun. 30, 2011


Jun. 30, 2010


Jun. 30, 2009



Antidilutive Securities Excluded from Computation of Earnings Per Share [Line Items]
 
 
 


Shares excluded from calculations of diluted EPS
21
28
342





X



- Definition
Securities (including those issuable pursuant to contingent stock agreements) that could potentially dilute basic earnings per share (EPS) or earnings per unit (EPU) in the future that were not included in the computation of diluted EPS or EPU because to do so would increase EPS or EPU amounts or decrease loss per share or unit amounts for the period presented.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Antidilution -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6505113Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 128 -Paragraph 171 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 128 -Paragraph 40 -Subparagraph c -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 128 -Paragraph 13, 14 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) -Number 07-4 -Paragraph 4 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Diluted Earnings Per Share -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6510752Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (c) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Contingent Stock Agreement -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6508534
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:sharesItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareLineItems


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration













XML
89
R54.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


Earnings Per Share - Additional Information (Detail) (Convertible Debt Due June 15th 2013, USD $)In Billions


Jun. 30, 2010




Convertible Debt Due June 15th 2013

 


Earnings Per Share Disclosure [Line Items]
 


Principal amount of outstanding long-term debt
$ 1.25





X



- Definition
Earnings Per Share Disclosure [Line Items]
+ Details


 Name:
msft_EarningsPerShareDisclosureLineItems


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Including current and noncurrent portions, aggregate carrying amount of long-term borrowings as of the balance sheet date before deducting unamortized discount or premiums (if any). May include notes payable, bonds payable, commercial loans, mortgage loans, convertible debt, subordinated debt and other types of debt, which had initial maturities beyond one year or beyond the normal operating cycle, if longer.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.22) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name FASB Staff Position (FSP) -Number APB14-1 -Paragraph 31 -Subparagraph b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 20 -Article 5Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 22 -Article 5Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 16 -Article 9
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_DebtInstrumentCarryingAmount


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
instant













XML
90
R55.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


Components of Other Income (Expense) (Detail) (USD $)In Millions

12 Months Ended



Jun. 30, 2011


Jun. 30, 2010


Jun. 30, 2009



Component of Other Income, Nonoperating [Line Items]
 
 
 


Dividends and interest income
$ 900
$ 843
$ 744


Interest expense
(295)
(151)
(38)


Net recognized gains (losses) on investments
439
348
(125)


Net losses on derivatives
(77)
(140)
(558)


Net gains (losses) on foreign currency remeasurements
(26)
1
(509)


Other
(31)
14
(56)


Total
$ 910
$ 915
$ (542)





X



- Definition
Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_ComponentOfOtherIncomeNonoperatingLineItems


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The aggregate foreign currency transaction gain (loss) (both realized and unrealized) included in determining net income for the reporting period. Excludes foreign currency transactions designated as hedges of net investment in a foreign entity and intercompany foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term nature, when the entities to the transaction are consolidated, combined, or accounted for by the equity method in the reporting enterprise's financial statements. For certain enterprises, primarily banks, that are dealers in foreign exchange, foreign currency transaction gains (losses) may be disclosed as dealer gains (losses).
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 830 -SubTopic 20 -Section 45 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6450189&loc=d3e30690-110894Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 52 -Paragraph 30 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 830 -SubTopic 20 -Section 45 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6450189&loc=d3e30700-110894Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 830 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6450222&loc=d3e30840-110895
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyTransactionGainLossBeforeTax


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Aggregate net gain (loss) on all derivative instruments recognized in earnings during the period, before tax effects.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 815 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4A -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6935481&loc=SL5618551-113959
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_GainLossOnDerivativeInstrumentsNetPretax


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
This item represents the net total realized and unrealized gain (loss) included in earnings for the period as a result of selling or holding marketable securities categorized as trading, available-for-sale, or held-to-maturity, including the unrealized holding gain (loss) of held-to-maturity securities transferred to the trading security category and the cumulative unrealized gain (loss) which was included in other comprehensive income (a separate component of shareholders' equity) for available-for-sale securities transferred to trading securities during the period. Additionally, this item would include any gains (losses) realized during the period from the sale of investments accounted for under the cost method of accounting and losses recognized for other than temporary impairments (OTTI) of the subject investments.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6943989&loc=d3e3602-108585Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.7(c),9(a)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6880815&loc=d3e20235-122688Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 28 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 320 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 9 -Subparagraph (c)-(e) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6872113&loc=d3e27357-111563Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 115 -Paragraph 13, 22 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 5 -Section 03 -Paragraph 7Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 320 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 10 -Subparagraph (c) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6872113&loc=d3e27405-111563
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_GainLossOnInvestments


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The cost of borrowed funds accounted for as interest that was charged against earnings during the period.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 835 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6450988&loc=d3e26243-108391Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 942 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-04.9) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879574&loc=d3e536633-122882Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 34 -Paragraph 21 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Paragraph 9 -Article 9Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher OTS -Name Federal Regulation (FR) -Number Title 12 -Chapter V -Section 563c.102 -Paragraph 9 -Subsection II -LegacyDoc This is a non-GAAP reference that was included in the 2009 taxonomy.  It will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_InterestExpense


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Income derived from investments in debt and equity securities and on cash and cash equivalents. Interest income represents earnings which reflect the time value of money or transactions in which the payments are for the use or forbearance of money. Dividend income represents a distribution of earnings to shareholders by investee companies.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 115 -Paragraph 14 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 5 -Section 03 -Paragraph 7 -Subparagraph a, bReference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.7(a),(b)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6880815&loc=d3e20235-122688
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeInterestAndDividend


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The aggregate amount of income or expense from ancillary business-related activities (that is to say, excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business).
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 5 -Section 03 -Paragraph 7Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.7) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6880815&loc=d3e20235-122688
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The net amount of other income and expense amounts, the components of which are not separately disclosed on the income statement, resulting from ancillary business-related activities (that is, excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business) also known as other nonoperating income (expense) recognized for the period. Such amounts may include: (a) dividends, (b) interest on securities, (c) net gains or losses on securities, (d) unusual costs, (e) gains or losses on foreign exchange transactions, and (f) miscellaneous other income and expense items.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 5 -Section 03 -Paragraph 9Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.9) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6880815&loc=d3e20235-122688
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
duration













XML
91
R56.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


Net Recognized Gains (Losses) on Investments (Detail) (USD $)In Millions

12 Months Ended



Jun. 30, 2011


Jun. 30, 2010


Jun. 30, 2009



Gain (Loss) on Investments [Line Items]
 
 
 


Other-than-temporary impairments of investments
$ (80)
$ (69)
$ (862)


Realized gains from sales of available-for-sale securities
734
605
1,634


Realized losses from sales of available-for-sale securities
(215)
(188)
(897)


Net recognized gains (losses) on investments
$ 439
$ 348
$ (125)





X



- Definition
This item represents the gross profit realized on the sale of debt or equity securities categorized neither as held-to-maturity nor trading securities.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 115 -Paragraph 21 -Subparagraph a -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 320 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 9 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6872113&loc=d3e27357-111563
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesGrossRealizedGains


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
This item represents the gross loss realized on the sale of debt or equity securities categorized neither as held-to-maturity nor trading securities.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 115 -Paragraph 21 -Subparagraph a -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 320 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 9 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6872113&loc=d3e27357-111563
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesGrossRealizedLosses


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
This item represents the net total realized and unrealized gain (loss) included in earnings for the period as a result of selling or holding marketable securities categorized as trading, available-for-sale, or held-to-maturity, including the unrealized holding gain (loss) of held-to-maturity securities transferred to the trading security category and the cumulative unrealized gain (loss) which was included in other comprehensive income (a separate component of shareholders' equity) for available-for-sale securities transferred to trading securities during the period. Additionally, this item would include any gains (losses) realized during the period from the sale of investments accounted for under the cost method of accounting and losses recognized for other than temporary impairments (OTTI) of the subject investments.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6943989&loc=d3e3602-108585Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.7(c),9(a)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6880815&loc=d3e20235-122688Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 28 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 320 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 9 -Subparagraph (c)-(e) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6872113&loc=d3e27357-111563Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 115 -Paragraph 13, 22 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 5 -Section 03 -Paragraph 7Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 320 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 10 -Subparagraph (c) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6872113&loc=d3e27405-111563
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_GainLossOnInvestments


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
This element represents the amount of loss recognized for other than temporary impairments (OTTI) of investments in debt and equity securities.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 115 -Paragraph 16 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 320 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 5.M) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6784337&loc=d3e87990-122713
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_MarketableSecuritiesRealizedGainLossOtherThanTemporaryImpairmentsAmount


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_ScheduleOfGainLossOnInvestmentsIncludingMarketableSecuritiesAndInvestmentsHeldAtCostIncomeStatementReportedAmountsSummaryLineItems


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration













XML
92
R57.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


Investment Components, Including Associated Derivatives (Detail) (USD $)In Millions


Jun. 30, 2011


Jun. 30, 2010


Jun. 30, 2009


Jun. 30, 2008



Schedule of Available-for-sale Securities [Line Items]
 
 
 
 


Cost Basis
$ 60,804
$ 43,331
 
 


Unrealized Gains
3,052
1,656
 
 


Unrealized Losses
(219)
(445)
 
 


Recorded Basis
63,637
44,542
 
 


Cash and cash equivalents
9,610
5,505
6,076
10,339


Short-term Investments
43,162
31,283
 
 


Equity and other investments
10,865
7,754
 
 



Cash

 
 
 
 


Schedule of Available-for-sale Securities [Line Items]
 
 
 
 


Cost Basis
1,648
1,661
 
 


Unrealized Gains
0
0
 
 


Unrealized Losses
0
0
 
 


Recorded Basis
1,648
1,661
 
 


Cash and cash equivalents
1,648
1,661
 
 


Short-term Investments
0
0
 
 


Equity and other investments
0
0
 
 



Mutual funds

 
 
 
 


Schedule of Available-for-sale Securities [Line Items]
 
 
 
 


Cost Basis
1,752
1,120
 
 


Unrealized Gains
0
0
 
 


Unrealized Losses
0
0
 
 


Recorded Basis
1,752
1,120
 
 


Cash and cash equivalents
1,752
1,120
 
 


Short-term Investments
0
0
 
 


Equity and other investments
0
0
 
 



Commercial paper

 
 
 
 


Schedule of Available-for-sale Securities [Line Items]
 
 
 
 


Cost Basis
639
188
 
 


Unrealized Gains
0
0
 
 


Unrealized Losses
0
0
 
 


Recorded Basis
639
188
 
 


Cash and cash equivalents
414
13
 
 


Short-term Investments
225
175
 
 


Equity and other investments
0
0
 
 



Certificates of deposit

 
 
 
 


Schedule of Available-for-sale Securities [Line Items]
 
 
 
 


Cost Basis
598
348
 
 


Unrealized Gains
0
0
 
 


Unrealized Losses
0
0
 
 


Recorded Basis
598
348
 
 


Cash and cash equivalents
372
68
 
 


Short-term Investments
226
280
 
 


Equity and other investments
0
0
 
 



U.S. government and agency securities

 
 
 
 


Schedule of Available-for-sale Securities [Line Items]
 
 
 
 


Cost Basis
33,607
21,036
 
 


Unrealized Gains
162
167
 
 


Unrealized Losses
(7)
(1)
 
 


Recorded Basis
33,762
21,202
 
 


Cash and cash equivalents
2,049
1,822
 
 


Short-term Investments
31,713
19,380
 
 


Equity and other investments
0
0
 
 



Foreign government bonds

 
 
 
 


Schedule of Available-for-sale Securities [Line Items]
 
 
 
 


Cost Basis
658
518
 
 


Unrealized Gains
11
13
 
 


Unrealized Losses
(2)
0
 
 


Recorded Basis
667
531
 
 


Cash and cash equivalents
0
0
 
 


Short-term Investments
667
531
 
 


Equity and other investments
0
0
 
 



Mortgage-backed securities

 
 
 
 


Schedule of Available-for-sale Securities [Line Items]
 
 
 
 


Cost Basis
2,307
3,137
 
 


Unrealized Gains
121
135
 
 


Unrealized Losses
(4)
(7)
 
 


Recorded Basis
2,424
3,265
 
 


Cash and cash equivalents
0
0
 
 


Short-term Investments
2,424
3,265
 
 


Equity and other investments
0
0
 
 



Corporate notes and bonds

 
 
 
 


Schedule of Available-for-sale Securities [Line Items]
 
 
 
 


Cost Basis
10,575
7,450
 
 


Unrealized Gains
260
289
 
 


Unrealized Losses
(11)
(18)
 
 


Recorded Basis
10,824
7,721
 
 


Cash and cash equivalents
3,375
701
 
 


Short-term Investments
7,449
7,020
 
 


Equity and other investments
0
0
 
 



Municipal securities

 
 
 
 


Schedule of Available-for-sale Securities [Line Items]
 
 
 
 


Cost Basis
441
726
 
 


Unrealized Gains
15
22
 
 


Unrealized Losses
(2)
(1)
 
 


Recorded Basis
454
747
 
 


Cash and cash equivalents
0
120
 
 


Short-term Investments
454
627
 
 


Equity and other investments
0
0
 
 



Common and preferred stock

 
 
 
 


Schedule of Available-for-sale Securities [Line Items]
 
 
 
 


Cost Basis
7,925
6,640
 
 


Unrealized Gains
2,483
1,030
 
 


Unrealized Losses
(193)
(418)
 
 


Recorded Basis
10,215
7,252
 
 


Cash and cash equivalents
0
0
 
 


Short-term Investments
0
0
 
 


Equity and other investments
10,215
7,252
 
 



Other investments

 
 
 
 


Schedule of Available-for-sale Securities [Line Items]
 
 
 
 


Cost Basis
654
507
 
 


Unrealized Gains
0
0
 
 


Unrealized Losses
0
0
 
 


Recorded Basis
654
507
 
 


Cash and cash equivalents
0
0
 
 


Short-term Investments
4
5
 
 


Equity and other investments
$ 650
$ 502
 
 





X



- Definition
For an unclassified balance sheet, this item represents investments in debt and equity securities which are categorized neither as held-to-maturity nor trading.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 320 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6871852&loc=d3e26610-111562Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 115 -Paragraph 12 -Subparagraph b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name FASB Staff Position (FSP) -Number FAS115-1/124-1 -Paragraph 15E -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 133 -Paragraph 22 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name FASB Staff Position (FSP) -Number FAS115-1/124-1 -Paragraph 15D -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 115 -Paragraph 13 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name FASB Staff Position (FSP) -Number FAS115-1/124-1 -Paragraph 15C -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 115 -Paragraph 14 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 115 -Paragraph 16 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 10: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 320 -SubTopic 10 -Section 25 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6379932&loc=d3e22054-111558
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecurities


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
This item represents the cost of debt and equity securities, which are categorized neither as held-to-maturity nor trading, net of adjustments including accretion, amortization, collection of cash, previous other-than-temporary impairments recognized in earnings (less any cumulative-effect adjustments recognized, as defined), and fair value hedge accounting adjustments, if any.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name FASB Staff Position (FSP) -Number FAS115-1/124-1 -Paragraph 7 -Footnote 2 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 115 -Paragraph 19 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.2) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesAmortizedCost


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
Investments in debt and equity securities which are categorized neither as trading securities nor held-to-maturity securities and which are intended be sold or mature within one year from the balance sheet date or the normal operating cycle, whichever is longer. Such securities are reported at fair value; unrealized gains (losses) related to Available-for-sale Securities are excluded from earnings and reported in a separate component of shareholders' equity (other comprehensive income), unless the Available-for-sale security is designated as a hedge or is determined to have had an other than temporary decline in fair value below its amortized cost basis. All or a portion of the unrealized holding gain (loss) of an Available-for-sale security that is designated as being hedged in a fair value hedge is recognized in earnings during the period of the hedge, as are other than temporary declines in fair value below the cost basis for investments in equity securities and debt securities that an entity intends to sell or it is more likely than not that it will be required to sell before the recovery of its amortized cost basis. Other than temporary declines in fair value below the cost basis for debt securities categorized as Available-for-sale that an entity does not intend to sell and for which it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell before the recovery of its amortized cost basis are bifurcated into credit losses and losses related to all other factors. Other than temporary declines in fair value below cost basis related to credit losses are recognized in earnings, and losses related to all other factors are recognized in other comprehensive income.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 320 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6871852&loc=d3e26626-111562Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 133 -Paragraph 22 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 115 -Paragraph 16 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name FASB Staff Position (FSP) -Number FAS115-1/124-1 -Paragraph 15D -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 115 -Paragraph 12 -Subparagraph b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name FASB Staff Position (FSP) -Number FAS115-1/124-1 -Paragraph 15C -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 115 -Paragraph 13, 17 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 43 -Chapter 3 -Section A -Paragraph 4, 5 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 320 -SubTopic 10 -Section 25 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6379932&loc=d3e22054-111558
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesCurrent


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
This item represents the gross unrealized gains for securities, at a point in time, which are categorized neither as held-to-maturity nor trading securities.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 133 -Paragraph 22 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 115 -Paragraph 13, 19 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 320 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6872113&loc=d3e27161-111563
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_AvailableforsaleSecuritiesGrossUnrealizedGain


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
This item represents the gross unrealized losses for securities, at a point in time, which are categorized neither as held-to-maturity nor trading securities.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesGrossUnrealizedLosses1


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
Includes currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. It also includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits in that the Entity may deposit additional funds at any time and also effectively may withdraw funds at any time without prior notice or penalty. Cash equivalents, excluding items classified as marketable securities, include short-term, highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash, and so near their maturity that they present minimal risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Generally, only investments with original maturities of three months or less qualify under that definition. Original maturity means original maturity to the entity holding the investment. For example, both a three-month US Treasury bill and a three-year Treasury note purchased three months from maturity qualify as cash equivalents. However, a Treasury note purchased three years ago does not become a cash equivalent when its remaining maturity is three months. Compensating balance arrangements that do not legally restrict the withdrawal or usage of cash amounts may be reported as Cash and Cash Equivalents, while legally restricted deposits held as compensating balances against borrowing arrangements, contracts entered into with others, or company statements of intention with regard to particular deposits are not generally reported as cash and cash equivalents. Includes cash and cash equivalents associated with the entity's continuing operations. Excludes cash and cash equivalents associated with the disposal group (and discontinued operation).
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 1 -Article 5Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 7 -Footnote 1 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6943989&loc=d3e3044-108585Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 8, 9 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6361293&loc=d3e6676-107765Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Cash -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6506951Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 7, 26 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Cash Equivalents -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6507016
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
The total amount of investments that are intended to be held for an extended period of time (longer than one operating cycle).
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.12) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_LongTermInvestments


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_ScheduleOfAvailableForSaleSecuritiesLineItems


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration













XML
93
R58.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


Unrealized Loss Position Investments (Detail) (USD $)In Millions


Jun. 30, 2011


Jun. 30, 2010



Investments, Unrealized Loss Position [Line Items]
 
 


Less than 12 Months - Fair Value
$ 3,118
$ 3,613


Less than 12 Months - Unrealized Losses
(170)
(360)


12 Months or Greater - Fair Value
245
297


12 Months or Greater - Unrealized Losses
(49)
(85)


Total Fair Value
3,363
3,910


Total Unrealized Losses
(219)
(445)



U.S. government and agency securities

 
 


Investments, Unrealized Loss Position [Line Items]
 
 


Less than 12 Months - Fair Value
484
216


Less than 12 Months - Unrealized Losses
(7)
(1)


12 Months or Greater - Fair Value
0
0


12 Months or Greater - Unrealized Losses
0
0


Total Fair Value
484
216


Total Unrealized Losses
(7)
(1)



Foreign government bonds

 
 


Investments, Unrealized Loss Position [Line Items]
 
 


Less than 12 Months - Fair Value
365
 


Less than 12 Months - Unrealized Losses
(2)
 


12 Months or Greater - Fair Value
0
 


12 Months or Greater - Unrealized Losses
0
 


Total Fair Value
365
 


Total Unrealized Losses
(2)
 



Mortgage-backed securities

 
 


Investments, Unrealized Loss Position [Line Items]
 
 


Less than 12 Months - Fair Value
63
105


Less than 12 Months - Unrealized Losses
(3)
(6)


12 Months or Greater - Fair Value
14
18


12 Months or Greater - Unrealized Losses
(1)
(1)


Total Fair Value
77
123


Total Unrealized Losses
(4)
(7)



Corporate notes and bonds

 
 


Investments, Unrealized Loss Position [Line Items]
 
 


Less than 12 Months - Fair Value
750
1,124


Less than 12 Months - Unrealized Losses
(10)
(13)


12 Months or Greater - Fair Value
25
89


12 Months or Greater - Unrealized Losses
(1)
(5)


Total Fair Value
775
1,213


Total Unrealized Losses
(11)
(18)



Municipal securities

 
 


Investments, Unrealized Loss Position [Line Items]
 
 


Less than 12 Months - Fair Value
79
66


Less than 12 Months - Unrealized Losses
(2)
(1)


12 Months or Greater - Fair Value
0
0


12 Months or Greater - Unrealized Losses
0
0


Total Fair Value
79
66


Total Unrealized Losses
(2)
(1)



Common and preferred stock

 
 


Investments, Unrealized Loss Position [Line Items]
 
 


Less than 12 Months - Fair Value
1,377
2,102


Less than 12 Months - Unrealized Losses
(146)
(339)


12 Months or Greater - Fair Value
206
190


12 Months or Greater - Unrealized Losses
(47)
(79)


Total Fair Value
1,583
2,292


Total Unrealized Losses
$ (193)
$ (418)





X



- Definition
Investments, Unrealized Loss Position [Line Items]
+ Details


 Name:
msft_InvestmentsUnrealizedLossPositionLineItems


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
This item represents the excess of amortized cost basis over fair value of securities that have been in a loss position for twelve months or longer for those securities which are categorized neither as held-to-maturity nor trading securities.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_AvailableforsaleSecuritiesContinuousUnrealizedLossPosition12MonthsOrLongerAggregateLosses1


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
This item represents the excess of amortized cost basis over fair value of securities in a loss position and which are categorized neither as held-to-maturity nor trading securities.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 320 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 6 -Subparagraph (a)(2) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6872113&loc=d3e27290-111563Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) -Number 03-1 -Paragraph 21 -Subparagraph a -Clause 2 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name FASB Staff Position (FSP) -Number FAS115-1/124-1 -Paragraph 17 -Subparagraph a -Clause 2 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_AvailableforsaleSecuritiesContinuousUnrealizedLossPositionAggregateLosses1


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
This item represents the aggregate fair value of investments in debt and equity securities in an unrealized loss position which are categorized neither as held-to-maturity nor trading securities.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) -Number 03-1 -Paragraph 21 -Subparagraph a(2) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name FASB Staff Position (FSP) -Number FAS115-1/124-1 -Paragraph 17 -Subparagraph a(1) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 320 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 6 -Subparagraph (a)(1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6872113&loc=d3e27290-111563
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesContinuousUnrealizedLossPositionFairValue


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
This item represents the excess of amortized cost basis over fair value of securities that have been in a loss position for less than twelve months for those securities which are categorized neither as held-to-maturity nor trading securities.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name FASB Staff Position (FSP) -Number FAS115-1/124-1 -Paragraph 17 -Subparagraph a -Clause 2 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 320 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 7 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6872113&loc=d3e27337-111563Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 320 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 6 -Subparagraph (a)(2) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6872113&loc=d3e27290-111563Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) -Number 03-1 -Paragraph 21 -Subparagraph a -Clause 2 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_AvailableforsaleSecuritiesContinuousUnrealizedLossPositionLessThan12MonthsAggregateLosses1


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
This item represents the aggregate fair value of investments in debt and equity securities categorized neither as held-to-maturity nor trading securities that have been in a continuous unrealized loss position for less than twelve months.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 320 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 7 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6872113&loc=d3e27337-111563Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) -Number 03-1 -Paragraph 21 -Subparagraph a(2) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name FASB Staff Position (FSP) -Number FAS115-1/124-1 -Paragraph 17 -Subparagraph a(1) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 320 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 6 -Subparagraph (a)(1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6872113&loc=d3e27290-111563
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesContinuousUnrealizedLossPositionLessThanTwelveMonthsFairValue


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
This item represents the aggregate fair value of investments in debt and equity securities categorized neither as held-to-maturity nor trading securities that have been in a continuous unrealized loss position for twelve months or longer.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 320 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 7 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6872113&loc=d3e27337-111563Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) -Number 03-1 -Paragraph 21 -Subparagraph a(2) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name FASB Staff Position (FSP) -Number FAS115-1/124-1 -Paragraph 17 -Subparagraph a(1) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 320 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 6 -Subparagraph (a)(1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6872113&loc=d3e27290-111563
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesContinuousUnrealizedLossPositionTwelveMonthsOrLongerFairValue


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
instant













XML
94
R59.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


Investments - Additional Information (Detail) (USD $)In Millions


Jun. 30, 2011


Jun. 30, 2010



Schedule of Cost-method Investments [Line Items]
 
 


Recorded basis of common and preferred stock and other investments that are restricted for more than one year or are not publicly traded
$ 334
$ 216


Estimated fair value of common and preferred stock and other investments that are restricted for more than one year or are not publicly traded
$ 334
$ 216





X



- Definition
The recorded basis of restricted or non publicly traded long term equity investments.
+ Details


 Name:
msft_RestrictedOrNonPubliclyTradedLongTermEquityInvestments


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
The estimated fair value of restricted or non publicly traded long term equity investments.
+ Details


 Name:
msft_RestrictedOrNonPubliclyTradedLongTermEquityInvestmentsAtFairValue


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_ScheduleOfCostMethodInvestmentsLineItems


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration













XML
95
R6.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY STATEMENTS (USD $)In Millions


Total


Common stock and paid-in capital


Retained deficit



Balance, beginning of period at Jun. 30, 2008
 

$ 62,849
$ (26,563)


Net income
14,569

 
14,569


Common stock issued
 

567
 


Other comprehensive income:
 

 
 


Net unrealized gains (losses) on derivatives
302

 
302


Net unrealized gains (losses) on investments
(263)

 
(233)


Translation adjustments and other
(240)

 
(240)


Comprehensive income
 

 
14,398


Common stock cash dividends
 

 
(4,620)


Common stock repurchased
(8,200)
[1]
(2,611)
(6,039)


Stock-based compensation expense
 

1,708
 


Stock-based compensation income tax deficiencies
 

(128)
 


Other, net
 

(3)
 


Balance, end of period at Jun. 30, 2009
39,558

62,382
(22,824)


Net income
18,760

 
18,760


Common stock issued
 

2,311
 


Other comprehensive income:
 

 
 


Net unrealized gains (losses) on derivatives
27

 
27


Net unrealized gains (losses) on investments
488

 
265


Translation adjustments and other
(206)

 
(206)


Comprehensive income
 

 
18,846


Common stock cash dividends
 

 
(4,547)


Common stock repurchased
(10,836)
[2]
(3,113)
(8,156)


Stock-based compensation expense
 

1,891
 


Stock-based compensation income tax deficiencies
 

(647)
 


Other, net
 

32
 


Balance, end of period at Jun. 30, 2010
46,175

62,856
(16,681)


Net income
23,150

 
23,150


Common stock issued
 

2,422
 


Other comprehensive income:
 

 
 


Net unrealized gains (losses) on derivatives
(627)

 
(627)


Net unrealized gains (losses) on investments
1,349

 
1,054


Translation adjustments and other
381

 
381


Comprehensive income
 

 
23,958


Common stock cash dividends
 

 
(5,394)


Common stock repurchased
(11,458)
[2]
(3,738)
(8,215)


Stock-based compensation expense
 

2,166
 


Stock-based compensation income tax deficiencies
 

(292)
 


Other, net
 

1
 


Balance, end of period at Jun. 30, 2011
$ 57,083

$ 63,415
$ (6,332)








[1]
Of the 318 million shares of common stock repurchased in fiscal year 2009, 101 million shares were repurchased for $2.7 billion under the plan approved by our Board of Directors during the first quarter of fiscal year 2007. The remaining shares were repurchased under the plan approved by our Board of Directors on September 22, 2008.


[2]
All shares repurchased in fiscal years 2011 and 2010 were repurchased under the plan approved by our Board of Directors on September 22, 2008.








X



- Definition
This element represents the amount of recognized equity-based compensation during the period, that is, the amount recognized as expense in the income statement (or as asset if compensation is capitalized). Alternate captions include the words "stock-based compensation".
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 35 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415241&loc=d3e4534-113899Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 20 -Section 55 -Paragraph 12 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6576910&loc=d3e11149-113907Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph 64 -Subparagraph b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph A91 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 20 -Section 55 -Paragraph 13 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6576910&loc=d3e11178-113907Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5047-113901Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph 39 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Adjustment to additional paid in capital related to the net effect of excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies associated with an equity-based compensation plan other than an employee stock ownership plan (ESOP).
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_AdjustmentToAdditionalPaidInCapitalIncomeTaxEffectFromShareBasedCompensationNet


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The change in equity [net assets] of a business enterprise during a period from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources which are attributable to the reporting entity. It includes all changes in equity during a period except those resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners, but excludes any and all transactions which are directly or indirectly attributable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 220 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920043&loc=d3e540-108580Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph 30 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph A5 -Appendix AReference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph 38 -Subparagraph c(3) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Comprehensive Income -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6508144Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Net Income -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6518256Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 220 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 5 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920043&loc=d3e557-108580Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Other Comprehensive Income -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6519514
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Equity impact of common stock cash dividends declared by an entity during the period. This element includes paid and unpaid dividends declared during the period.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6959260&loc=d3e187085-122770
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_DividendsCommonStockCash


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The portion of profit or loss for the period, net of income taxes, which is attributable to the parent.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.22) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879464&loc=d3e573970-122913Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6943989&loc=d3e3602-108585Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.18) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6880815&loc=d3e20235-122688Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph 38 -Subparagraph a -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 220 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 6 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920043&loc=d3e565-108580Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph A7 -Appendix AReference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 130 -Paragraph 10, 15 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Other Comprehensive Income -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6519514Reference 10: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph 38 -Subparagraph d -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 11: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) -Number 87-21 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 12: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Net Income -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6518256Reference 13: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.19) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879464&loc=d3e573970-122913Reference 14: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 5 -Section 03 -Paragraph 19Reference 15: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 28, 29, 30 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 16: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Paragraph 20 -Article 9
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Net of tax effect change in accumulated gains and losses from derivative instruments designated and qualifying as the effective portion of cash flow hedges after taxes. A cash flow hedge is a hedge of the exposure to variability in the cash flows of a recognized asset or liability or a forecasted transaction that is attributable to a particular risk. The change includes an entity's share of an equity investee's increase or decrease in deferred hedging gains or losses. While for technical reasons this element has no balance attribute, the default assumption is a credit balance consistent with its label.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 133 -Paragraph 31, 46 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 130 -Paragraph 14, 17, 20, 24, 26 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 133 -Paragraph 46 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 220 -SubTopic 10 -Section 55 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (d) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920433&loc=d3e998-108581Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 130 -Paragraph 24 -Subparagraph b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 130 -Paragraph 14, 17, 20, 26 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph 38 -Subparagraph c(3) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDerivativesQualifyingAsHedgesNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecrease


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Adjustment that results from the process of translating subsidiary financial statements and foreign equity investments into the reporting currency of the reporting entity, net of tax.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 830 -SubTopic 30 -Section 45 -Paragraph 20 -Subparagraph (b),(c) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6915805&loc=d3e32211-110900Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 220 -SubTopic 10 -Section 55 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920433&loc=d3e998-108581Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 130 -Paragraph 24 -Subparagraph b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph 38 -Subparagraph c(3) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 130 -Paragraph 14, 17, 19, 26 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 52 -Paragraph 13, 20, 31 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecrease


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Details


 Name:
us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecreaseAbstract


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Appreciation or loss in value (before reclassification adjustment) of the total of unsold securities during the period being reported on, net of tax. Reclassification adjustments include: (1) the unrealized holding gain (loss), net of tax, at the date of the transfer for a debt security from the held-to-maturity category transferred into the available-for-sale category. Also includes the unrealized gain (loss) at the date of transfer for a debt security from the available-for-sale category transferred into the held-to-maturity category; (2) the unrealized gains (losses) realized upon the sale of securities, after tax; and (3) the unrealized gains (losses) realized upon the write-down of securities, after tax.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 220 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 11 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920043&loc=d3e637-108580Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 220 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 13 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920043&loc=d3e653-108580Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 115 -Paragraph 13 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 220 -SubTopic 10 -Section 55 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (e) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920433&loc=d3e998-108581Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 130 -Paragraph 24 -Subparagraph b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 130 -Paragraph 17, 22 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph 38 -Subparagraph c(3) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedHoldingGainLossOnSecuritiesArisingDuringPeriodNetOfTax


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items, net of receivables from officers, directors, owners, and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest, minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29-31) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph A3 -Appendix AReference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29, 30, 31 -Article 5Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 4 -Section EReference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 310 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 4.E) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6228006&loc=d3e74512-122707
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_StockholdersEquity


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
This element represents movements included in the statement of changes in stockholders' equity which are not separately disclosed or provided for elsewhere in the taxonomy.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_StockholdersEquityOther


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Equity impact of the value of new stock issued during the period. Includes shares issued in an initial public offering or a secondary public offering.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6959260&loc=d3e187085-122770Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21463-112644Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB) -Number 12 -Paragraph 10 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29, 30, 31 -Article 5
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Equity impact of the value of stock that has been repurchased during the period and has not been retired and is not held in treasury. Some state laws may mandate the circumstances under which an entity may acquire its own stock and prescribe the accounting treatment therefore. This element is used when state law does not recognize treasury stock.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29, 30, 31 -Article 5Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21463-112644Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB) -Number 12 -Paragraph 10 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 43 -Chapter 1 -Section B -Paragraph 11A -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodValue


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
duration













XML
96
R60.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


Debt Investment Maturities (Detail) (USD $)In Millions


Jun. 30, 2011



Cost Basis
 


Due in one year or less
$ 23,982


Due after one year through five years
19,516


Due after five years through 10 years
2,516


Due after 10 years
2,811


Total
48,825


Estimated Fair Value
 


Due in one year or less
24,053


Due after one year through five years
19,733


Due after five years through 10 years
2,637


Due after 10 years
2,945


Total
$ 49,368





X



- Definition
This item represents debt securities, at cost, net of adjustments including accretion, amortization, collection of cash, previous other-than-temporary impairments recognized in earnings (less any cumulative-effect adjustments, as defined), and fair value hedge accounting adjustments, if any, which are expected to mature after five years and through ten years from the balance sheet date and which are categorized neither as held-to-maturity nor trading securities.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name FASB Staff Position (FSP) -Number FAS115-1/124-1 -Paragraph 7 -Footnote 2 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 115 -Paragraph 20 -Subparagraph c -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.2) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesDebtMaturitiesAfterFiveThroughTenYearsAmortizedCost


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
This item represents the fair value of debt securities which are expected to mature after five years and through ten years from the balance sheet date and which are categorized neither as held-to-maturity nor trading securities.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 115 -Paragraph 20 -Subparagraph c -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 320 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (a),(d) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6872113&loc=d3e27161-111563Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 942 -SubTopic 320 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -Subparagraph (c) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6957658&loc=d3e62586-112803
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesDebtMaturitiesAfterFiveThroughTenYearsFairValue


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
This item represents debt securities, at cost, net of adjustments including accretion, amortization, collection of cash, previous other-than-temporary impairments recognized in earnings (less any cumulative-effect adjustments, as defined), and fair value hedge accounting adjustments, if any, which are expected to mature after one year and through five years from the balance sheet date and which are categorized neither as held-to-maturity nor trading securities.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name FASB Staff Position (FSP) -Number FAS115-1/124-1 -Paragraph 7 -Footnote 2 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 115 -Paragraph 20 -Subparagraph b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.2) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesDebtMaturitiesAfterOneThroughFiveYearsAmortizedCost


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
This item represents the fair value of debt securities which are expected to mature after one year and through five years from the balance sheet date and which are categorized neither as held-to-maturity nor trading securities.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 115 -Paragraph 20 -Subparagraph b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 320 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (a),(d) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6872113&loc=d3e27161-111563Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 942 -SubTopic 320 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6957658&loc=d3e62586-112803
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesDebtMaturitiesAfterOneThroughFiveYearsFairValue


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
This item represents debt securities, at cost, net of adjustments including accretion, amortization, collection of cash, previous other-than-temporary impairments recognized in earnings (less any cumulative-effect adjustments, as defined), and fair value hedge accounting adjustments, if any, which are expected to mature after ten years from the balance sheet date and which are categorized neither as held-to-maturity nor trading securities.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name FASB Staff Position (FSP) -Number FAS115-1/124-1 -Paragraph 7 -Footnote 2 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 115 -Paragraph 20 -Subparagraph d -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.2) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesDebtMaturitiesAfterTenYearsAmortizedCost


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
This item represents the fair value of debt securities which are expected to mature after ten years from the balance sheet date which are categorized neither as held-to-maturity nor trading securities.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 115 -Paragraph 20 -Subparagraph d -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 942 -SubTopic 320 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -Subparagraph (d) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6957658&loc=d3e62586-112803Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 320 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (a),(d) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6872113&loc=d3e27161-111563
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesDebtMaturitiesAfterTenYearsFairValue


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
This item represents the total of all debt securities grouped by maturity dates, at cost, net of adjustments including accretion, amortization, collection of cash, previous other-than-temporary impairments recognized in earnings (less any cumulative-effect adjustments, as defined), and fair value hedge accounting adjustments, if any, which are classified neither as held-to-maturity nor trading securities.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name FASB Staff Position (FSP) -Number FAS115-1/124-1 -Paragraph 7 -Footnote 2 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 115 -Paragraph 20 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.2) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesDebtMaturitiesAmortizedCost


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Details


 Name:
us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesDebtMaturitiesAmortizedCostAbstract


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Details


 Name:
us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesDebtMaturitiesFairValueAbstract


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
This item represents debt securities, at cost, net of adjustments including accretion, amortization, collection of cash, previous other-than-temporary impairments recognized in earnings (less any cumulative-effect adjustments, as defined), and fair value hedge accounting adjustments, if any, which are expected to mature within one year of the balance sheet date and which are categorized neither as held-to-maturity nor trading securities.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name FASB Staff Position (FSP) -Number FAS115-1/124-1 -Paragraph 7 -Footnote 2 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 115 -Paragraph 20 -Subparagraph a -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.2) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesDebtMaturitiesWithinOneYearAmortizedCost


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
This item represents the fair value of debt securities which are expected to mature within one year of the balance sheet date and which are categorized neither as held-to-maturity nor trading securities.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 115 -Paragraph 20 -Subparagraph a -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 320 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (a),(d) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6872113&loc=d3e27161-111563Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 942 -SubTopic 320 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6957658&loc=d3e62586-112803
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesDebtMaturitiesWithinOneYearFairValue


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
For an unclassified balance sheet, total of debt securities categorized neither as held-to-maturity nor trading.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 320 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6871852&loc=d3e26610-111562Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 115 -Paragraph 12 -Subparagraph b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name FASB Staff Position (FSP) -Number FAS115-1/124-1 -Paragraph 15D -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 133 -Paragraph 22 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name FASB Staff Position (FSP) -Number FAS115-1/124-1 -Paragraph 15C -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 115 -Paragraph 13 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 942 -SubTopic 320 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (b)-(g) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6957658&loc=d3e62557-112803Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 115 -Paragraph 137 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 115 -Paragraph 16 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 10: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 320 -SubTopic 10 -Section 25 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6379932&loc=d3e22054-111558
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesDebtSecurities


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
instant













XML
97
R61.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


Derivatives - Additional Information (Detail) (USD $)

12 Months Ended











Jun. 30, 2011


Jun. 30, 2011

Derivatives Sold


Jun. 30, 2010

Derivatives Sold


Jun. 30, 2011

Derivatives Sold

Equity Contracts


Jun. 30, 2010

Derivatives Sold

Equity Contracts


Jun. 30, 2011

Derivatives Purchased


Jun. 30, 2010

Derivatives Purchased


Jun. 30, 2011

Derivatives Purchased

Equity Contracts


Jun. 30, 2010

Derivatives Purchased

Equity Contracts



Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities Disclosure [Line Items]
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


Notional amounts of foreign exchange contracts designated as cash flow hedges
 
$ 10,600,000,000
$ 9,300,000,000
 
 
 
 
 
 


Notional amounts of foreign exchange contracts designated as fair value hedges
 
572,000,000
523,000,000
 
 
 
 
 
 


Notional amounts of foreign exchange contracts not designated as hedges
 
7,300,000,000
5,300,000,000
 
 
3,900,000,000
7,800,000,000
 
 


Notional amounts
 
 
 
935,000,000
472,000,000
 
 
1,400,000,000
918,000,000


Notional amounts of fixed-interest rate contracts not designated as hedges
 
2,200,000,000
1,800,000,000
 
 
2,300,000,000
3,100,000,000
 
 


Notional amounts of mortgage contracts purchased
 
 
 
 
 
868,000,000
305,000,000
 
 


Notional amounts of credit contracts
 
277,000,000
199,000,000
 
 
532,000,000
371,000,000
 
 


Notional amounts of commodity contracts not designated as hedges
 
502,000,000
376,000,000
 
 
1,900,000,000
1,100,000,000
 
 


Minimum required liquidity under certain counterparty agreements
Certain of our counterparty agreements for derivative instruments contain provisions that require our issued and outstanding long-term unsecured debt to maintain an investment grade credit rating and require us to maintain a minimum liquidity of $1.0 billion. To the extent we fail to meet these requirements, we will be required to post collateral, similar to the standard convention related to over-the-counter derivatives. As of June 30, 2011, our long-term unsecured debt rating was AAA, and cash investments were in excess of $1.0 billion. As a result, no collateral was required to be posted.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


Minimum required liquidity under certain counterparty agreements, amount
1,000,000,000
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


Long-term unsecured debt rating
AAA
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


Estimated derivative net losses included in OCI that will be reclassified into earnings within 12 months
$ (186,000,000)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 





X



- Definition
Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities Disclosure [Line Items]
+ Details


 Name:
msft_DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDisclosureLineItems


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Description of minimum financial levels (for example, tangible net worth and working capital) and achievement of certain financial ratios (for example, working capital ratio and debt service coverage ratio), and adherence to certain clauses which generally require or restrict certain actions to be in compliance with the covenant clauses of the financial instrument agreement. May also include a discussion of the adverse consequences that would result if the entity violates or fails to satisfy the covenants.
+ Details


 Name:
msft_OtherFinancialInstrumentCovenantDescription


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Other Financial Instrument Covenant, Minimum Liquidity
+ Details


 Name:
msft_OtherFinancialInstrumentCovenantMinimumLiquidity


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
Description of the credit rating indicative of likelihood of repayment of the debt instrument given by a credit rating agency (for example, Standard and Poor's, Moody's, Fitch).
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 129 -Paragraph 2, 4 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 22 -Article 5
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_DebtInstrumentCreditRating


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The estimated net amount of unrealized gains or losses on foreign currency cash flow hedges at the reporting date expected to be reclassified to earnings within the next 12 months.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 133 -Paragraph 45 -Subparagraph b(2) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 815 -SubTopic 30 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (c) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6887037&loc=d3e80748-113994
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyCashFlowHedgeGainLossToBeReclassifiedDuringNext12Months


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
Aggregate notional amount of credit risk derivatives.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 815 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1B -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6935481&loc=SL5580258-113959Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Notional Amount -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6519104Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 815 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1A -Subparagraph (d) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6935481&loc=SL5579245-113959
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_NotionalAmountOfCreditRiskDerivatives


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
Aggregate notional amount of all derivatives. The notional amount relates to a number of currency units, shares, bushels, pounds, or other units specified in a derivative instrument.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Notional Amount -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6519104
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_NotionalAmountOfDerivatives


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
Aggregate notional amount of all foreign currency derivatives designated as hedging instruments in cash flow hedges. Notional amount refers to the number of currency units specified in the foreign currency derivative contract.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 815 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1B -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6935481&loc=SL5580258-113959Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Notional Amount -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6519104Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 815 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1A -Subparagraph (d) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6935481&loc=SL5579245-113959
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_NotionalAmountOfForeignCurrencyCashFlowHedgeDerivatives


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
Aggregate notional amount of all foreign currency derivatives not designated as hedging instruments. Notional amount refers to the number of currency units specified in the foreign currency derivative contract.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 815 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1B -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6935481&loc=SL5580258-113959Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Notional Amount -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6519104Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 815 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1A -Subparagraph (d) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6935481&loc=SL5579245-113959
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_NotionalAmountOfForeignCurrencyDerivativeInstrumentsNotDesignatedAsHedgingInstruments


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
Aggregate notional amount of all foreign currency derivatives designated as hedging instruments in fair value hedges. Notional amount refers to the number of currency units specified in the foreign currency derivative contract.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 815 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1B -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6935481&loc=SL5580258-113959Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Notional Amount -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6519104Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 815 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1A -Subparagraph (d) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6935481&loc=SL5579245-113959
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_NotionalAmountOfForeignCurrencyFairValueHedgeDerivatives


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
Aggregate notional amount of all interest rate derivatives not designated as hedging instruments. Notional amount refers to the monetary amount specified in the interest rate derivative contract.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 815 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1B -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6935481&loc=SL5580258-113959Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Notional Amount -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6519104Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 815 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1A -Subparagraph (d) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6935481&loc=SL5579245-113959
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_NotionalAmountOfInterestRateDerivativeInstrumentsNotDesignatedAsHedgingInstruments


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
Aggregate notional amount of all derivatives not designated as a hedging instrument. The notional amount relates to a number of currency units, shares, bushels, pounds, or other units specified in a derivative instrument.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Notional Amount -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6519104
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_NotionalAmountOfOtherDerivativesNotDesignatedAsHedgingInstruments


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
Aggregate notional amount of price risk derivatives, which relates to the monetary amount specified in the price risk derivative instruments. Excludes notional amounts on derivatives expressed in nonmonetary units.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 815 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1B -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6935481&loc=SL5580258-113959Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Notional Amount -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6519104Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 815 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1A -Subparagraph (d) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6935481&loc=SL5579245-113959
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_NotionalAmountOfPriceRiskDerivatives


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
instant













XML
98
R62.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


Fair Values of Derivative Instruments (Detail) (USD $)In Millions


Jun. 30, 2011


Jun. 30, 2010



Assets
 
 


Derivatives
$ 416
$ 776


Liabilities
 
 


Derivatives
(263)
(165)



Non-designated hedge derivatives | Foreign Exchange Contracts

 
 


Assets
 
 


Derivatives
87
49



Non-designated hedge derivatives | Foreign Exchange Contracts | Short-term investments

 
 


Assets
 
 


Derivatives
14
15



Non-designated hedge derivatives | Foreign Exchange Contracts | Other current assets

 
 


Assets
 
 


Derivatives
73
34



Non-designated hedge derivatives | Foreign Exchange Contracts | Other current liabilities

 
 


Liabilities
 
 


Derivatives
(91)
(60)



Foreign Exchange Contracts

 
 


Assets
 
 


Derivatives
216
615


Liabilities
 
 


Derivatives
(219)
(69)



Foreign Exchange Contracts | Designated hedge derivatives

 
 


Assets
 
 


Derivatives
129
566



Foreign Exchange Contracts | Designated hedge derivatives | Short-term investments

 
 


Assets
 
 


Derivatives
6
3



Foreign Exchange Contracts | Designated hedge derivatives | Other current assets

 
 


Assets
 
 


Derivatives
123
563



Foreign Exchange Contracts | Designated hedge derivatives | Other current liabilities

 
 


Liabilities
 
 


Derivatives
(128)
(9)



Non-designated hedge derivatives | Equity Contracts

 
 


Assets
 
 


Derivatives
179
134



Non-designated hedge derivatives | Equity Contracts | Short-term investments

 
 


Assets
 
 


Derivatives
179
134



Non-designated hedge derivatives | Equity Contracts | Other current assets

 
 


Assets
 
 


Derivatives
0
0



Non-designated hedge derivatives | Equity Contracts | Other current liabilities

 
 


Liabilities
 
 


Derivatives
(12)
(17)



Equity Contracts

 
 


Assets
 
 


Derivatives
179
134


Liabilities
 
 


Derivatives
(12)
(17)



Equity Contracts | Designated hedge derivatives

 
 


Assets
 
 


Derivatives
0
0



Equity Contracts | Designated hedge derivatives | Short-term investments

 
 


Assets
 
 


Derivatives
0
0



Equity Contracts | Designated hedge derivatives | Other current assets

 
 


Assets
 
 


Derivatives
0
0



Equity Contracts | Designated hedge derivatives | Other current liabilities

 
 


Liabilities
 
 


Derivatives
0
0



Non-designated hedge derivatives | Interest Rate Contracts

 
 


Assets
 
 


Derivatives
0
12



Non-designated hedge derivatives | Interest Rate Contracts | Short-term investments

 
 


Assets
 
 


Derivatives
0
12



Non-designated hedge derivatives | Interest Rate Contracts | Other current assets

 
 


Assets
 
 


Derivatives
0
0



Non-designated hedge derivatives | Interest Rate Contracts | Other current liabilities

 
 


Liabilities
 
 


Derivatives
(9)
(33)



Interest Rate Contracts

 
 


Assets
 
 


Derivatives
0
12


Liabilities
 
 


Derivatives
(9)
(33)



Interest Rate Contracts | Designated hedge derivatives

 
 


Assets
 
 


Derivatives
0
0



Interest Rate Contracts | Designated hedge derivatives | Short-term investments

 
 


Assets
 
 


Derivatives
0
0



Interest Rate Contracts | Designated hedge derivatives | Other current assets

 
 


Assets
 
 


Derivatives
0
0



Interest Rate Contracts | Designated hedge derivatives | Other current liabilities

 
 


Liabilities
 
 


Derivatives
0
0



Non-designated hedge derivatives | Credit Contracts

 
 


Assets
 
 


Derivatives
17
7



Non-designated hedge derivatives | Credit Contracts | Short-term investments

 
 


Assets
 
 


Derivatives
17
7



Non-designated hedge derivatives | Credit Contracts | Other current assets

 
 


Assets
 
 


Derivatives
0
0



Non-designated hedge derivatives | Credit Contracts | Other current liabilities

 
 


Liabilities
 
 


Derivatives
(19)
(41)



Credit Contracts

 
 


Assets
 
 


Derivatives
17
7


Liabilities
 
 


Derivatives
(19)
(41)



Credit Contracts | Designated hedge derivatives

 
 


Assets
 
 


Derivatives
0
0



Credit Contracts | Designated hedge derivatives | Short-term investments

 
 


Assets
 
 


Derivatives
0
0



Credit Contracts | Designated hedge derivatives | Other current assets

 
 


Assets
 
 


Derivatives
0
0



Credit Contracts | Designated hedge derivatives | Other current liabilities

 
 


Liabilities
 
 


Derivatives
0
0



Non-designated hedge derivatives | Commodity Contracts

 
 


Assets
 
 


Derivatives
4
8



Non-designated hedge derivatives | Commodity Contracts | Short-term investments

 
 


Assets
 
 


Derivatives
4
8



Non-designated hedge derivatives | Commodity Contracts | Other current assets

 
 


Assets
 
 


Derivatives
0
0



Non-designated hedge derivatives | Commodity Contracts | Other current liabilities

 
 


Liabilities
 
 


Derivatives
(4)
(5)



Commodity Contracts

 
 


Assets
 
 


Derivatives
4
8


Liabilities
 
 


Derivatives
(4)
(5)



Commodity Contracts | Designated hedge derivatives

 
 


Assets
 
 


Derivatives
0
0



Commodity Contracts | Designated hedge derivatives | Short-term investments

 
 


Assets
 
 


Derivatives
0
0



Commodity Contracts | Designated hedge derivatives | Other current assets

 
 


Assets
 
 


Derivatives
0
0



Commodity Contracts | Designated hedge derivatives | Other current liabilities

 
 


Liabilities
 
 


Derivatives
0
0



Non-designated hedge derivatives

 
 


Assets
 
 


Derivatives
287
210



Non-designated hedge derivatives | Short-term investments

 
 


Assets
 
 


Derivatives
214
176



Non-designated hedge derivatives | Other current assets

 
 


Assets
 
 


Derivatives
73
34



Non-designated hedge derivatives | Other current liabilities

 
 


Liabilities
 
 


Derivatives
(135)
(156)



Designated hedge derivatives

 
 


Assets
 
 


Derivatives
129
566



Designated hedge derivatives | Short-term investments

 
 


Assets
 
 


Derivatives
6
3



Designated hedge derivatives | Other current assets

 
 


Assets
 
 


Derivatives
123
563



Designated hedge derivatives | Other current liabilities

 
 


Liabilities
 
 


Derivatives
$ (128)
$ (9)





X



- Details


 Name:
us-gaap_DerivativeAssetsAbstract


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Fair value of derivative asset, presented on a gross basis even when the derivative instrument is subject to master netting arrangements and qualifies for net presentation in the statement of financial position.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 815 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4B -Subparagraph (a),(c) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6935481&loc=SL5624163-113959Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 133 -Paragraph 44C -Subparagraph a -Clause 1 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 133 -Paragraph 205G -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
Fair value of derivative liability, presented on a gross basis even when the derivative instrument is subject to master netting arrangements and qualifies for net presentation in the statement of financial position.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 815 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4B -Subparagraph (a),(c) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6935481&loc=SL5624163-113959Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 133 -Paragraph 44C -Subparagraph a -Clause 1 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 133 -Paragraph 205G -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Details


 Name:
us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilitiesAbstract


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration













XML
99
R63.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


Gains (Losses) on Fair Value Hedges and Related Hedged Items (Detail) (USD $)In Millions

12 Months Ended



Jun. 30, 2011


Jun. 30, 2010


Jun. 30, 2009




Foreign Exchange Contracts

 
 
 


Derivative Instruments, Gain (Loss) [Line Items]
 
 
 


Derivatives
$ (92)
$ (57)
$ 121


Hedged items
85
60
(120)


Total
(7)
3
1



Equity Contracts

 
 
 


Derivative Instruments, Gain (Loss) [Line Items]
 
 
 


Derivatives
0
0
191


Hedged items
0
0
(211)


Total
$ 0
$ 0
$ (20)





X



- Definition
The amount recognized in earnings related to the change in fair value during the period of derivative or nonderivative instruments designated as fair value hedging instruments.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 133 -Paragraph 45 -Subparagraph a(1) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_ChangeInUnrealizedGainLossOnFairValueHedgingInstruments


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The amount recognized in earnings related to the change in fair value during the period of the hedged item in a fair value hedge.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 133 -Paragraph 45 -Subparagraph a(1) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 815 -SubTopic 25 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (a)(1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6886632&loc=d3e76258-113986
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_ChangeInUnrealizedGainLossOnHedgedItemInFairValueHedge


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Total amount of gain (loss) derived from fair value hedges recognized in earnings in the period.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 133 -Paragraph 45 -Subparagraph a(1) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 815 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4C -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6935481&loc=SL5624171-113959
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_GainLossOnFairValueHedgesRecognizedInEarnings


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
duration













XML
100
R64.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


Gains (Losses) Related to Cash Flow Hedges (Detail) (USD $)In Millions

12 Months Ended



Jun. 30, 2011


Jun. 30, 2010


Jun. 30, 2009



Effective Portion
 
 
 


Gain (loss) recognized in OCI, net of tax effect of $(340), $188 and $472
$ (632)
$ 349
$ 876


Gain (loss) reclassified from OCI into revenue
(7)
495
884



Foreign Exchange Contracts | Designated hedge derivatives

 
 
 


Amount Excluded from Effectiveness Assessment and Ineffective Portion
 
 
 


Loss recognized in other income (expense)
$ (276)
$ (174)
$ (314)





X



- Definition
The amount of gains (losses) net of tax, on foreign currency cash flow hedges recognized in Other Comprehensive Income (OCI) during the period.
+ Details


 Name:
msft_UnrealizedGainLossOnForeignCurrencyDerivativesNetOfTax


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The portion of gains and losses (net) on derivative instruments designated and qualifying as hedging instruments representing (a) the amount of the hedge ineffectiveness and (b) the amount, if any, excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 133 -Paragraph 205G -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 815 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4C -Subparagraph (d) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6935481&loc=SL5624171-113959Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 815 -SubTopic 25 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (a)(1),(2) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6886632&loc=d3e76258-113986Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 133 -Paragraph 44C -Subparagraph b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInIncomeIneffectivePortionAndAmountExcludedFromEffectivenessTestingNet


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Details


 Name:
us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInIncomeIneffectivePortionAndAmountExcludedFromEffectivenessTestingNetAbstract


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Details


 Name:
us-gaap_EffectOfCashFlowHedgesOnResultsOfOperationsAbstract


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The amount of net gains or losses on foreign currency cash flow hedges reclassified during the period to earnings from accumulated other comprehensive income upon the hedged transaction affecting earnings.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 133 -Paragraph 45 -Subparagraph b(2), b(4) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 815 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4C -Subparagraph (c) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6935481&loc=SL5624171-113959
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyCashFlowHedgeGainLossReclassifiedToEarningsNet


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
duration













XML
101
R65.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


Gains (Losses) Related to Cash Flow Hedges (Parenthetical) (Detail) (USD $)In Millions

12 Months Ended



Jun. 30, 2011


Jun. 30, 2010


Jun. 30, 2009



Derivative Instruments, Gain (Loss) [Line Items]
 
 
 


Gain (loss) recognized in OCI, tax effect
$ (340)
$ 188
$ 472





X



- Definition
The amount of tax related to gains (losses) on foreign currency cash flow hedges recognized in Other Comprehensive Income (OCI) during the period.
+ Details


 Name:
msft_UnrealizedGainLossOnForeignCurrencyDerivativesTax


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration













XML
102
R66.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


Non-Designated Derivative Gains (Losses) (Detail) (USD $)In Millions

12 Months Ended



Jun. 30, 2011


Jun. 30, 2010


Jun. 30, 2009



Derivative Instruments, Gain (Loss) [Line Items]
 
 
 


Changes in fair value of derivatives not designated as hedges
$ 199
$ 135
$ (504)



Foreign Exchange Contracts

 
 
 


Derivative Instruments, Gain (Loss) [Line Items]
 
 
 


Changes in fair value of derivatives not designated as hedges
(27)
106
(234)



Equity Contracts

 
 
 


Derivative Instruments, Gain (Loss) [Line Items]
 
 
 


Changes in fair value of derivatives not designated as hedges
35
12
(131)



Interest Rate Contracts

 
 
 


Derivative Instruments, Gain (Loss) [Line Items]
 
 
 


Changes in fair value of derivatives not designated as hedges
19
(4)
5



Credit Contracts

 
 
 


Derivative Instruments, Gain (Loss) [Line Items]
 
 
 


Changes in fair value of derivatives not designated as hedges
24
22
(18)



Commodity Contracts

 
 
 


Derivative Instruments, Gain (Loss) [Line Items]
 
 
 


Changes in fair value of derivatives not designated as hedges
$ 148
$ (1)
$ (126)





X



- Definition
Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Net gain (loss) from the increase (decrease) in fair value of derivative instrument not designated as hedging instrument.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 133 -Paragraph 45 -Subparagraph b(1)(b) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 815 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4C -Subparagraph (e) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6935481&loc=SL5624171-113959
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsNotDesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentsGainLossNet


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
duration













XML
103
R67.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis (Detail) (USD $)In Millions


Jun. 30, 2011


Jun. 30, 2010



Fair Value, Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
 

 



Assets
$ 61,058

$ 42,645




Level 1

 

 



Fair Value, Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
 

 



Assets
35,475

24,842




Level 1 | Fair Value, Measurements, Recurring

 

 



Fair Value, Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
 

 



Liabilities
109

85




Level 1 | Mutual funds

 

 



Fair Value, Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
 

 



Assets
1,752

1,120




Level 1 | Commercial paper

 

 



Fair Value, Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
 

 



Assets
0

0




Level 1 | Certificates of deposit

 

 



Fair Value, Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
 

 



Assets
0

0




Level 1 | U.S. government and agency securities

 

 



Fair Value, Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
 

 



Assets
23,591

16,473




Level 1 | Foreign government bonds

 

 



Fair Value, Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
 

 



Assets
303

239




Level 1 | Mortgage-backed securities

 

 



Fair Value, Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
 

 



Assets
0

0




Level 1 | Corporate notes and bonds

 

 



Fair Value, Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
 

 



Assets
0

0




Level 1 | Municipal securities

 

 



Fair Value, Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
 

 



Assets
0

0




Level 1 | Common and preferred stock

 

 



Fair Value, Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
 

 



Assets
9,821

6,988




Level 1 | Derivative assets

 

 



Fair Value, Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
 

 



Assets
8

22




Level 2

 

 



Fair Value, Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
 

 



Assets
25,704

17,829




Level 2 | Fair Value, Measurements, Recurring

 

 



Fair Value, Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
 

 



Liabilities
257

137




Level 2 | Mutual funds

 

 



Fair Value, Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
 

 



Assets
0

0




Level 2 | Commercial paper

 

 



Fair Value, Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
 

 



Assets
639

172




Level 2 | Certificates of deposit

 

 



Fair Value, Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
 

 



Assets
598

348




Level 2 | U.S. government and agency securities

 

 



Fair Value, Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
 

 



Assets
10,175

4,756




Level 2 | Foreign government bonds

 

 



Fair Value, Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
 

 



Assets
367

294




Level 2 | Mortgage-backed securities

 

 



Fair Value, Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
 

 



Assets
2,428

3,264




Level 2 | Corporate notes and bonds

 

 



Fair Value, Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
 

 



Assets
10,600

7,460




Level 2 | Municipal securities

 

 



Fair Value, Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
 

 



Assets
454

747




Level 2 | Common and preferred stock

 

 



Fair Value, Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
 

 



Assets
55

43




Level 2 | Derivative assets

 

 



Fair Value, Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
 

 



Assets
388

745




Level 3

 

 



Fair Value, Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
 

 



Assets
83

181




Level 3 | Fair Value, Measurements, Recurring

 

 



Fair Value, Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
 

 



Liabilities
0

0




Level 3 | Mutual funds

 

 



Fair Value, Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
 

 



Assets
0

0




Level 3 | Commercial paper

 

 



Fair Value, Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
 

 



Assets
0

0




Level 3 | Certificates of deposit

 

 



Fair Value, Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
 

 



Assets
0

0




Level 3 | U.S. government and agency securities

 

 



Fair Value, Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
 

 



Assets
0

0




Level 3 | Foreign government bonds

 

 



Fair Value, Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
 

 



Assets
0

0




Level 3 | Mortgage-backed securities

 

 



Fair Value, Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
 

 



Assets
0

0




Level 3 | Corporate notes and bonds

 

 



Fair Value, Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
 

 



Assets
58

167




Level 3 | Municipal securities

 

 



Fair Value, Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
 

 



Assets
0

0




Level 3 | Common and preferred stock

 

 



Fair Value, Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
 

 



Assets
5

5




Level 3 | Derivative assets

 

 



Fair Value, Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
 

 



Assets
20

9




Gross Fair Value

 

 



Fair Value, Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
 

 



Assets
61,262

42,852




Gross Fair Value | Fair Value, Measurements, Recurring

 

 



Fair Value, Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
 

 



Liabilities
366

222




Gross Fair Value | Mutual funds

 

 



Fair Value, Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
 

 



Assets
1,752

1,120




Gross Fair Value | Commercial paper

 

 



Fair Value, Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
 

 



Assets
639

172




Gross Fair Value | Certificates of deposit

 

 



Fair Value, Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
 

 



Assets
598

348




Gross Fair Value | U.S. government and agency securities

 

 



Fair Value, Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
 

 



Assets
33,766

21,229




Gross Fair Value | Foreign government bonds

 

 



Fair Value, Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
 

 



Assets
670

533




Gross Fair Value | Mortgage-backed securities

 

 



Fair Value, Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
 

 



Assets
2,428

3,264




Gross Fair Value | Corporate notes and bonds

 

 



Fair Value, Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
 

 



Assets
10,658

7,627




Gross Fair Value | Municipal securities

 

 



Fair Value, Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
 

 



Assets
454

747




Gross Fair Value | Common and preferred stock

 

 



Fair Value, Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
 

 



Assets
9,881

7,036




Gross Fair Value | Derivative assets

 

 



Fair Value, Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
 

 



Assets
416

776




Netting

 

 



Fair Value, Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
 

 



Assets
(204)
[1]
(207)
[1]



Netting | Fair Value, Measurements, Recurring

 

 



Fair Value, Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
 

 



Liabilities
(203)
[1]
(205)
[1]



Netting | Mutual funds

 

 



Fair Value, Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
 

 



Assets
0
[1]
0
[1]



Netting | Commercial paper

 

 



Fair Value, Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
 

 



Assets
0
[1]
0
[1]



Netting | Certificates of deposit

 

 



Fair Value, Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
 

 



Assets
0
[1]
0
[1]



Netting | U.S. government and agency securities

 

 



Fair Value, Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
 

 



Assets
0
[1]
0
[1]



Netting | Foreign government bonds

 

 



Fair Value, Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
 

 



Assets
0
[1]
0
[1]



Netting | Mortgage-backed securities

 

 



Fair Value, Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
 

 



Assets
0
[1]
0
[1]



Netting | Corporate notes and bonds

 

 



Fair Value, Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
 

 



Assets
0
[1]
0
[1]



Netting | Municipal securities

 

 



Fair Value, Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
 

 



Assets
0
[1]
0
[1]



Netting | Common and preferred stock

 

 



Fair Value, Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
 

 



Assets
0
[1]
0
[1]



Netting | Derivative assets

 

 



Fair Value, Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
 

 



Assets
(204)
[1]
(207)
[1]



Fair Value, Measurements, Recurring

 

 



Fair Value, Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
 

 



Liabilities
163

17




Mutual funds

 

 



Fair Value, Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
 

 



Assets
1,752

1,120




Commercial paper

 

 



Fair Value, Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
 

 



Assets
639

172




Certificates of deposit

 

 



Fair Value, Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
 

 



Assets
598

348




U.S. government and agency securities

 

 



Fair Value, Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
 

 



Assets
33,766

21,229




Foreign government bonds

 

 



Fair Value, Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
 

 



Assets
670

533




Mortgage-backed securities

 

 



Fair Value, Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
 

 



Assets
2,428

3,264




Corporate notes and bonds

 

 



Fair Value, Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
 

 



Assets
10,658

7,627




Municipal securities

 

 



Fair Value, Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
 

 



Assets
454

747




Common and preferred stock

 

 



Fair Value, Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
 

 



Assets
9,881

7,036




Derivative assets

 

 



Fair Value, Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
 

 



Assets
$ 212

$ 569









[1]
These amounts represent the impact of netting derivative assets and derivative liabilities when a legally enforceable master netting agreement exists and fair value adjustments related to our own credit risk and counterparty credit risk.








X



- Definition
This element represents the aggregate of the assets reported on the balance sheet at period end measured at fair value on a recurring basis by the entity. This element is intended to be used in connection with the fair value disclosures required in the footnote disclosures to the financial statements.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_AssetsFairValueDisclosureRecurring


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
This element represents the aggregate of the liabilities reported on the balance sheet at period end measured at fair value by the entity. This element is intended to be used in connection with the fair value disclosures required in the footnote disclosures to the financial statements.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_LiabilitiesFairValueDisclosure


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
instant













XML
104
R68.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


Reconciliation of Total Assets Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis to the Balance Sheet Presentation (Detail) (USD $)In Millions


Jun. 30, 2011


Jun. 30, 2010



Fair Value, Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
 
 


Net fair value of assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis
$ 61,058
$ 42,645


Less derivative assets classified as other current assets
(54)
(544)


Other
1
62


Recorded basis of investment components
63,637
44,542



Fair Value, Measurements, Recurring

 
 


Fair Value, Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
 
 


Cash
1,648
1,661



Fair Value, Measurements, Nonrecurring

 
 


Fair Value, Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
 
 


Common and preferred stock measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis
334
216


Other investments measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis
$ 650
$ 502





X



- Definition
The fair value of derivative instruments included within other current assets on our statement of financial position, presented on a net basis when the derivative instrument is subject to master netting arrangements and qualifies for net presentation in the statement of financial position.
+ Details


 Name:
msft_DerivativesFairValueOtherCurrentAssets


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
The fair value of common and preferred stock measured at fair value.
+ Details


 Name:
msft_EquityInvestmentsFairValueDisclosure


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
The fair value of other investments measured at fair value.
+ Details


 Name:
msft_OtherInvestmentsFairValueDisclosure


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
This element represents the aggregate of the assets reported on the balance sheet at period end measured at fair value on a recurring basis by the entity. This element is intended to be used in connection with the fair value disclosures required in the footnote disclosures to the financial statements.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_AssetsFairValueDisclosureRecurring


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
For an unclassified balance sheet, this item represents investments in debt and equity securities which are categorized neither as held-to-maturity nor trading.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 320 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6871852&loc=d3e26610-111562Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 115 -Paragraph 12 -Subparagraph b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name FASB Staff Position (FSP) -Number FAS115-1/124-1 -Paragraph 15E -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 133 -Paragraph 22 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name FASB Staff Position (FSP) -Number FAS115-1/124-1 -Paragraph 15D -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 115 -Paragraph 13 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name FASB Staff Position (FSP) -Number FAS115-1/124-1 -Paragraph 15C -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 115 -Paragraph 14 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 115 -Paragraph 16 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 10: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 320 -SubTopic 10 -Section 25 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6379932&loc=d3e22054-111558
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecurities


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
This element represents the portion of the balance sheet assertion valued at fair value by the entity whether such amount is presented as a separate caption or as a parenthetical disclosure. Additionally, this element may be used in connection with the fair value disclosures required in the footnote disclosures to the financial statements. The element may be used in both the balance sheet and disclosure in the same submission. This item includes currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. It also includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits in that the Company may deposit additional funds at any time and also effectively may withdraw funds at any time without prior notice or penalty. Cash equivalents, excluding items classified as marketable securities, include short-term, highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash, and so near their maturity that they present minimal risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Generally, only investments with original maturities of three months or less qualify under that definition. Original maturity means original maturity to the entity holding the investment. For example, both a three-month US Treasury bill and a three-year Treasury note purchased three months from maturity qualify as cash equivalents. However, a Treasury note purchased three years ago does not become a cash equivalent when its remaining maturity is three months.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Cash -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6506951Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Cash Equivalents -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6507016Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 7, 8, 9, 10 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 7 -Footnote 1 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 8 -Footnote 2 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsFairValueDisclosure


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
This element represents the portion of the balance sheet assertion valued at fair value by the entity whether such amount is presented as a separate caption or as a parenthetical disclosure. Additionally, this element may be used in connection with the fair value disclosures required in the footnote disclosures to the financial statements. The element may be used in both the balance sheet and disclosure in the same submission. This element represents the fair value of assets categorized as other which are not in and of themselves material enough to require separate disclosure.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_OtherAssetsFairValueDisclosure


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
instant













XML
105
R69.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


Changes in Financial Instruments Measured at Level 3 Fair Value on a Recurring Basis (Detail) (USD $)In Millions

12 Months Ended



Jun. 30, 2011


Jun. 30, 2010



Fair Value, Assets Measured on Recurring Basis, Unobservable Input Reconciliation [Line Items]
 
 


Balance, beginning of period
$ 181
$ 263


Total realized and unrealized gains (losses):
 
 


Included in other income (expense)
50
10


Included in other comprehensive income
(63)
(92)


Purchases, issuances and settlements
(85)
 


Balance, end of period
83
181


Change in unrealized gains (losses) included in other income (expense) related to assets held as of period end
17
10



Corporate notes and bonds

 
 


Fair Value, Assets Measured on Recurring Basis, Unobservable Input Reconciliation [Line Items]
 
 


Balance, beginning of period
167
253


Total realized and unrealized gains (losses):
 
 


Included in other income (expense)
39
6


Included in other comprehensive income
(63)
(92)


Purchases, issuances and settlements
(85)
 


Balance, end of period
58
167


Change in unrealized gains (losses) included in other income (expense) related to assets held as of period end
6
6



Common and preferred stock

 
 


Fair Value, Assets Measured on Recurring Basis, Unobservable Input Reconciliation [Line Items]
 
 


Balance, beginning of period
5
5


Total realized and unrealized gains (losses):
 
 


Included in other income (expense)
0
0


Included in other comprehensive income
0
0


Purchases, issuances and settlements
0
 


Balance, end of period
5
5


Change in unrealized gains (losses) included in other income (expense) related to assets held as of period end
0
0



Derivative assets

 
 


Fair Value, Assets Measured on Recurring Basis, Unobservable Input Reconciliation [Line Items]
 
 


Balance, beginning of period
9
5


Total realized and unrealized gains (losses):
 
 


Included in other income (expense)
11
4


Included in other comprehensive income
0
0


Purchases, issuances and settlements
0
 


Balance, end of period
20
9


Change in unrealized gains (losses) included in other income (expense) related to assets held as of period end
$ 11
$ 4





X



- Definition
This item represents the amount of the total change in unrealized (holding) gains or losses for the period which are included in the statement of income (or changes in net assets) in other income. Such unrealized (holding) gains or losses relate to those assets still held at the reporting date for which fair value is measured on a recurring basis using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3).
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 157 -Paragraph 32 -Subparagraph d -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 820 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (d) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6925170&loc=d3e19207-110258
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_FairValueAssetsMeasuredOnRecurringBasisChangeInUnrealizedGainLossIncludedInOtherIncome


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
A roll forward is a reconciliation of a concept from the beginning of a period to the end of a period.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_FairValueAssetsMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationCalculationRollForward


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_FairValueAssetsMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationLineItems


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
This element represents total gains or losses for the period (realized and unrealized), arising from assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis using unobservable inputs (Level 3), which are included in earnings or resulted in a change in net asset value.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 157 -Paragraph 32 -Subparagraph c(1) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 820 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (c)(1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6925170&loc=d3e19207-110258
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationRecurringBasisAssetGainLossIncludedInEarnings


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
This element represents total gains or losses for the period (realized and unrealized), arising from assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis using unobservable inputs (Level 3), which are included in other comprehensive income (a separate component of shareholders' equity).
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 157 -Paragraph 32 -Subparagraph c(1) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 820 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (c)(1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6925170&loc=d3e19207-110258
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationRecurringBasisAssetGainLossIncludedInOtherComprehensiveIncome


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
This element represents purchases, sales, issuances, and settlements (net) which have taken place during the period in relation to assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis using unobservable inputs (Level 3).
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 157 -Paragraph 32 -Subparagraph c(2) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationRecurringBasisAssetPurchasesSalesIssuancesSettlements


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
This element represents an asset measured at fair value using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) which is required for reconciliation purposes of beginning and ending balances.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 157 -Paragraph 32 -Subparagraph c -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 820 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (c) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6925170&loc=d3e19207-110258
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationRecurringBasisAssetValue


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
instant













XML
106
R7.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


ACCOUNTING POLICIES

12 Months Ended



Jun. 30, 2011



ACCOUNTING POLICIES


NOTE 1 —
ACCOUNTING POLICIES
Accounting
Principles

The financial statements
and accompanying notes are prepared in accordance with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America
(“U.S. GAAP”).
Principles of
Consolidation

The financial statements
include the accounts of Microsoft Corporation and its subsidiaries.
Intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated. Equity
investments through which we exercise significant influence over
but do not control the investee and are not the primary beneficiary
of the investee’s activities are accounted for using the
equity method. Investments through which we are not able to
exercise significant influence over the investee and which do not
have readily determinable fair values are accounted for under the
cost method.
Estimates and
Assumptions

Preparing financial
statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue,
and expenses. Examples include: estimates of loss contingencies,
product warranties, product life cycles, product returns, and
stock-based compensation forfeiture rates; assumptions such as the
elements comprising a software arrangement, including the
distinction between upgrades/enhancements and new products; when
technological feasibility is achieved for our products; the
potential outcome of future tax consequences of events that have
been recognized in our financial statements or tax returns;
estimating the fair value and/or goodwill impairment for our
reporting units; and determining when investment impairments are
other-than-temporary. Actual results and outcomes may differ from
management’s estimates and assumptions.
Foreign Currencies

Assets and liabilities
recorded in foreign currencies are translated at the exchange rate
on the balance sheet date. Revenue and expenses are translated at
average rates of exchange prevailing during the year. Translation
adjustments resulting from this process are recorded to Other
Comprehensive Income (“OCI”).
Revenue Recognition

Revenue is recognized
when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has
occurred, the fee is fixed or determinable, and collectibility is
probable. Revenue generally is recognized net of any taxes
collected from customers and subsequently remitted to governmental
authorities.

Revenue for retail
packaged products, products licensed to original equipment
manufacturers (“OEMs”), and perpetual licenses under
certain volume licensing programs generally is recognized as
products are shipped or made available. Revenue for products under
technology guarantee programs, which provide free or significantly
discounted rights to use upcoming new versions of a software
product if an end user licenses existing versions of the product
during the eligibility period, is allocated between existing
product and the new product, and revenue allocated to the new
product is deferred until that version is delivered. The revenue
allocation is based on vendor-specific objective evidence of fair
value of the products.

Certain multi-year
licensing arrangements include a perpetual license for current
products combined with rights to receive future versions of
software products on a when-and-if-available basis (“Software
Assurance”) and are accounted for as subscriptions, with
billings recorded as unearned revenue and recognized as revenue
ratably over the billing coverage period. Revenue from certain
arrangements that allow for the use of a product or service over a
period of time without taking possession of software are also
accounted for as subscriptions. Revenue for software products where
customers have the right to receive unspecified
upgrades/enhancements on a when-and-if-available basis and for
which vendor-specific objective evidence of fair value does not
exist for the upgrades/enhancements is recognized on a
straight-line basis over the estimated life of the
software.

Revenue related to our
Xbox 360 gaming and entertainment console, Kinect for Xbox 360,
games published by us, and other hardware components is generally
recognized when ownership is transferred to the resellers. Revenue
related to games published by third parties for use on the Xbox 360
platform is recognized when games are manufactured by the game
publishers.

Display advertising
revenue is recognized as advertisements are displayed. Search
advertising revenue is recognized when the ad appears in the search
results or when the action necessary to earn the revenue has been
completed. Consulting services revenue is recognized as services
are rendered, generally based on the negotiated hourly rate in the
consulting arrangement and the number of hours worked during the
period. Consulting revenue for fixed-price services arrangements is
recognized as services are provided. Revenue from prepaid points
redeemable for the purchase of software or services is recognized
upon redemption of the points and delivery of the software or
services.
Cost of Revenue

Cost of revenue includes;
manufacturing and distribution costs for products sold and programs
licensed; operating costs related to product support service
centers and product distribution centers; costs incurred to include
software on PCs sold by OEMs, to drive traffic to our Web sites,
and to acquire online advertising space (“traffic acquisition
costs”); costs incurred to support and maintain
Internet-based products and services, including royalties; warranty
costs; inventory valuation adjustments; costs associated with the
delivery of consulting services; and the amortization of
capitalized research and development costs. Capitalized research
and development costs are amortized over the estimated lives of the
products.
Product Warranty

We provide for the
estimated costs of fulfilling our obligations under hardware and
software warranties at the time the related revenue is recognized.
For hardware warranties, we estimate the costs based on historical
and projected product failure rates, historical and projected
repair costs, and knowledge of specific product failures (if any).
The specific hardware warranty terms and conditions vary depending
upon the product sold and the country in which we do business, but
generally include parts and labor over a period generally ranging
from 90 days to three years. For software warranties, we
estimate the costs to provide bug fixes, such as security patches,
over the estimated life of the software. We regularly reevaluate
our estimates to assess the adequacy of the recorded warranty
liabilities and adjust the amounts as necessary.
Research and
Development

Research and development
expenses include payroll, employee benefits, stock-based
compensation expense, and other headcount-related expenses
associated with product development. Research and development
expenses also include third-party development and programming
costs, localization costs incurred to translate software for
international markets, and the amortization of purchased software
code and services content. Such costs related to software
development are included in research and development expense until
the point that technological feasibility is reached, which for our
software products, is generally shortly before the products are
released to manufacturing. Once technological feasibility is
reached, such costs are capitalized and amortized to cost of
revenue over the estimated lives of the products.
Sales and Marketing

Sales and marketing
expenses include payroll, employee benefits, stock-based
compensation expense, and other headcount-related expenses
associated with sales and marketing personnel, and the costs of
advertising, promotions, trade shows, seminars, and other programs.
Advertising costs are expensed as incurred. Advertising expense was
$1.9 billion, $1.6 billion, and $1.4 billion in fiscal years 2011,
2010, and 2009, respectively.

 
Employee Severance

We record employee
severance when a specific plan has been approved by management, the
plan has been communicated to employees, and it is unlikely that
significant changes will be made to the plan. In January 2009, we
announced and implemented a resource management program to reduce
discretionary operating expenses, employee headcount, and capital
expenditures. Severance expenses associated with this program were
$59 million and $330 million in fiscal years 2010 and 2009,
respectively, and are included in general and administrative
expenses.
Stock-Based
Compensation

We measure stock-based
compensation cost at the grant date based on the fair value of the
award and recognize it as expense over the vesting or service
period, as applicable, of the stock award (generally four to five
years) using the straight-line method.
Employee Stock Purchase
Plan

Shares of our common
stock may be purchased by employees at three-month intervals at 90%
of the fair market value of the stock on the last day of each
three-month period. Compensation expense for the employee stock
purchase plan is measured as the discount the employee is entitled
to upon purchase and is recognized in the period of
purchase.
Income Taxes

Income tax expense
includes U.S. and international income taxes, the provision for
U.S. taxes on undistributed earnings of international subsidiaries
not deemed to be permanently invested, and interest and penalties
on uncertain tax positions. Certain income and expenses are not
reported in tax returns and financial statements in the same year.
The tax effect of such temporary differences is reported as
deferred income taxes. The deferred income taxes are classified as
current or long-term based on the classification of the related
asset or liability.
Fair Value
Measurements

We account for certain
assets and liabilities at fair value. The hierarchy below lists
three levels of fair value based on the extent to which inputs used
in measuring fair value are observable in the market. We
categorize each of our fair value measurements in one of these
three levels based on the lowest level input that is significant to
the fair value measurement in its entirety. These levels
are:

 


 
•
 

Level 1 – inputs are based upon unadjusted quoted
prices for identical instruments traded in active markets. Our
Level 1 non-derivative investments primarily include U.S.
treasuries, domestic and international equities, and actively
traded mutual funds. Our Level 1 derivative assets and
liabilities include those actively traded on exchanges.




 


 
•
 

Level 2 – inputs are based upon quoted prices for
similar instruments in active markets, quoted prices for identical
or similar instruments in markets that are not active, and
model-based valuation techniques (e.g. the Black-Scholes model) for
which all significant inputs are observable in the market or can be
corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full
term of the assets or liabilities. Where applicable, these models
project future cash flows and discount the future amounts to a
present value using market-based observable inputs including
interest rate curves, foreign exchange rates, and forward and spot
prices for currencies and commodities. Our Level 2 non-derivative
investments consist primarily of corporate notes and bonds,
mortgage-backed securities, agency securities, certificates of
deposit, and commercial paper. Our Level 2 derivative assets and
liabilities primarily include certain over-the-counter option and
swap contracts.




 


 
•
 

Level 3 – inputs are generally unobservable and
typically reflect management’s estimates of assumptions that
market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability.
The fair values are therefore determined using model-based
techniques, including option pricing models and discounted cash
flow models. Our Level 3 non-derivative assets primarily comprise
investments in certain corporate bonds. We value these
corporate bonds using internally developed valuation models, inputs
to which include interest rate curves, credit spreads, stock
prices, and volatilities. Unobservable inputs used in these models
are significant to the fair values of the investments. Our Level 3
derivative assets and liabilities primarily comprise derivatives
for foreign equities. In certain cases, market-based observable
inputs are not available and we use management judgment to develop
assumptions to determine fair value for these
derivatives.




We measure certain
assets, including our cost and equity method investments, at fair
value on a nonrecurring basis when they are deemed to be
other-than-temporarily impaired. The fair values of these
investments are determined based on valuation techniques using the
best information available, and may include quoted market prices,
market comparables, and discounted cash flow projections. An
impairment charge is recorded when the cost of the investment
exceeds its fair value and this condition is determined to be
other-than-temporary.

Our current financial
liabilities have fair values that approximate their carrying
values. Our long-term financial liabilities consist of long-term
debt which is recorded on the balance sheet at issuance price less
unamortized discount.
Financial
Instruments

We consider all highly
liquid interest-earning investments with a maturity of three months
or less at the date of purchase to be cash equivalents. The fair
values of these investments approximate their carrying values. In
general, investments with original maturities of greater than three
months and remaining maturities of less than one year are
classified as short-term investments. Investments with maturities
beyond one year may be classified as short-term based on their
highly liquid nature and because such marketable securities
represent the investment of cash that is available for current
operations. All cash equivalents and short-term investments are
classified as available-for-sale and realized gains and losses are
recorded using the specific identification method. Changes in
market value, excluding other-than-temporary impairments, are
reflected in OCI.

Equity and other
investments classified as long-term include both debt and equity
instruments. Debt and publicly-traded equity securities are
classified as available-for-sale and realized gains and losses are
recorded using the specific identification method. Changes in
market value, excluding other-than-temporary impairments, are
reflected in OCI. Common and preferred stock and other investments
that are restricted for more than one year or are not publicly
traded are recorded at cost or using the equity method.

We lend certain
fixed-income and equity securities to increase investment returns.
The loaned securities continue to be carried as investments on our
balance sheet. Cash and/or security interests are received as
collateral for the loan securities with the amount determined based
upon the underlying security lent and the creditworthiness of the
borrower. Cash received is recorded as an asset with a
corresponding liability.

Investments are
considered to be impaired when a decline in fair value is judged to
be other-than-temporary. Fair value is calculated based on publicly
available market information or other estimates determined by
management. We employ a systematic methodology on a quarterly basis
that considers available quantitative and qualitative evidence in
evaluating potential impairment of our investments. If the cost of
an investment exceeds its fair value, we evaluate, among other
factors, general market conditions, credit quality of debt
instrument issuers, the duration and extent to which the fair value
is less than cost, and for equity securities, our intent and
ability to hold, or plans to sell, the investment. For fixed-income
securities, we also evaluate whether we have plans to sell the
security or it is more likely than not that we will be required to
sell the security before recovery. We also consider specific
adverse conditions related to the financial health of and business
outlook for the investee, including industry and sector
performance, changes in technology, and operational and financing
cash flow factors. Once a decline in fair value is determined to be
other-than-temporary, an impairment charge is recorded to other
income (expense) and a new cost basis in the investment is
established.

 

Derivative instruments
are recognized as either assets or liabilities and are measured at
fair value. The accounting for changes in the fair value of a
derivative depends on the intended use of the derivative and the
resulting designation.

For a derivative
instrument designated as a fair-value hedge, the gain (loss) is
recognized in earnings in the period of change together with the
offsetting loss or gain on the hedged item attributed to the risk
being hedged. For options designated as fair-value hedges, changes
in the time value are excluded from the assessment of hedge
effectiveness and are recognized in earnings.

For derivative
instruments designated as cash-flow hedges, the effective portion
of the derivative’s gain (loss) is initially reported as a
component of OCI and is subsequently recognized in earnings when
the hedged exposure is recognized in earnings. For options
designated as cash-flow hedges, changes in the time value are
excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness and are
recognized in earnings. Gains (losses) on derivatives representing
either hedge components excluded from the assessment of
effectiveness or hedge ineffectiveness are recognized in
earnings.

For derivative
instruments that are not designated as hedges, gains (losses) from
changes in fair values are primarily recognized in other income
(expense). Other than those derivatives entered into for investment
purposes, such as commodity contracts, the gains (losses) are
generally economically offset by unrealized gains (losses) in the
underlying available-for-sale securities, which are recorded as a
component of OCI until the securities are sold or
other-than-temporarily impaired, at which time the amounts are
moved from OCI into other income (expense).
Allowance for Doubtful
Accounts

The allowance for
doubtful accounts reflects our best estimate of probable losses
inherent in the accounts receivable balance. We determine the
allowance based on known troubled accounts, historical experience,
and other currently available evidence. Activity in the allowance
for doubtful accounts was as follows:

 


















(In millions)
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 















Year Ended June 30,
  
2011
 
 
2010
 
 
2009
 









Balance, beginning of
period

  
$
  375
  
 
$
   451
  
 
$
  153
  



Charged to costs and other

  
 
14
  
 
 
45
  
 
 
360
  



Write-offs

  
 
(56
) 
 
 
(121
) 
 
 
(62
) 






 






 









Balance, end of period

  
$
333
  
 
$
375
  
 
$
451
  


 
  






 






 








Inventories

Inventories are stated at
the lower of cost or market, using the average cost method. Cost
includes materials, labor, and manufacturing overhead related to
the purchase and production of inventories. We regularly review
inventory quantities on hand, future purchase commitments with our
suppliers, and the estimated utility of our inventory. If our
review indicates a reduction in utility below carrying value, we
reduce our inventory to a new cost basis through a charge to cost
of revenue.
Property and
Equipment

Property and equipment is
stated at cost and depreciated using the straight-line method over
the shorter of the estimated useful life of the asset or the lease
term. The estimated useful lives of our property and equipment are
generally as follows: computer software developed or acquired for
internal use, three years; computer equipment, two to three years;
buildings and improvements, five to 15 years; leasehold
improvements, two to 10 years; and furniture and equipment, one to
five years. Land is not depreciated.

 
Goodwill

Goodwill is tested for
impairment at the reporting unit level (operating segment or one
level below an operating segment) on an annual basis (May 1 for us)
and between annual tests if an event occurs or circumstances change
that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a
reporting unit below its carrying value.
Intangible Assets

All of our intangible
assets are subject to amortization and are amortized using the
straight-line method over their estimated period of benefit,
ranging from one to 10 years. We evaluate the recoverability of
intangible assets periodically by taking into account events or
circumstances that may warrant revised estimates of useful lives or
that indicate the asset may be impaired.
Recently Issued Accounting
Standards
Recently adopted accounting
pronouncements

On July 1, 2010, we
adopted guidance issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board
(“FASB”) on revenue recognition. Under the new guidance
on arrangements that include software elements, tangible products
that have software components that are essential to the
functionality of the tangible product are no longer within the
scope of the software revenue recognition guidance, and
software-enabled products are now subject to other relevant revenue
recognition guidance. Additionally, the FASB issued guidance on
revenue arrangements with multiple deliverables that are outside
the scope of the software revenue recognition guidance. Under the
new guidance, when vendor specific objective evidence or third
party evidence for deliverables in an arrangement cannot be
determined, a best estimate of the selling price is required to
separate deliverables and allocate arrangement consideration using
the relative selling price method. The new guidance includes new
disclosure requirements on how the application of the relative
selling price method affects the timing and amount of revenue
recognition. Adoption of the new guidance did not have a material
impact on our financial statements.

On July 1, 2010, we
adopted new guidance issued by the FASB on the consolidation of
variable interest entities. The new guidance requires revised
evaluations of whether entities represent variable interest
entities, ongoing assessments of control over such entities, and
additional disclosures for variable interests. Adoption of the new
guidance did not have a material impact on our financial
statements.
Recent accounting pronouncements
not yet adopted

In June 2011, the FASB
issued guidance on presentation of comprehensive income. The
new guidance eliminates the current option to report other
comprehensive income and its components in the statement of changes
in equity. Instead, an entity will be required to present
either a continuous statement of net income and other comprehensive
income or in two separate but consecutive statements. The new
guidance will be effective for us beginning July 1, 2012 and
will have presentation changes only.

In May 2011, the FASB
issued guidance to amend the accounting and disclosure requirements
on fair value measurements. The new guidance limits the
highest-and-best-use measure to nonfinancial assets, permits
certain financial assets and liabilities with offsetting positions
in market or counterparty credit risks to be measured at a net
basis, and provides guidance on the applicability of premiums and
discounts. Additionally, the new guidance expands the
disclosures on Level 3 inputs by requiring quantitative disclosure
of the unobservable inputs and assumptions, as well as description
of the valuation processes and the sensitivity of the fair value to
changes in unobservable inputs. The new guidance will be effective
for us beginning January 1, 2012. Other than requiring
additional disclosures, we do not anticipate material impacts on
our financial statements upon adoption.

 

In January 2010, the FASB
issued guidance to amend the disclosure requirements related to
fair value measurements. The guidance requires the disclosure of
roll forward activities on purchases, sales, issuance, and
settlements of the assets and liabilities measured using
significant unobservable inputs (Level 3 fair value measurements).
The guidance will become effective for us with the reporting period
beginning July 1, 2011. Other than requiring additional
disclosures, the adoption of this new guidance will not have a
material impact on our financial statements.






X



- Definition
The entire disclosure for all significant accounting policies of the reporting entity.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18743-107790Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 5 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18854-107790Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB) -Number 22 -Paragraph 8 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 6 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18861-107790Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18780-107790Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18726-107790
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
nonnum:textBlockItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration













XML
107
R70.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


Fair Value Measurements - Additional Information (Detail) (USD $)In Millions

12 Months Ended



Jun. 30, 2011


Jun. 30, 2010




Fair Value, Measurements, Nonrecurring

 
 


Fair Value, Measurement Inputs, Disclosure [Line Items]
 
 


Impairment charge other than temporary
$ 2
$ 5



Common and preferred stock

 
 


Fair Value, Measurement Inputs, Disclosure [Line Items]
 
 


Common and preferred stock required to be measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis
$ 0
$ 0





X



- Definition
Fair Value, Measurement Inputs, Disclosure [Line Items]
+ Details


 Name:
msft_FairValueMeasurementInputsDisclosureLineItems


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
This element represents the aggregate of the assets reported on the balance sheet at period end measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis by the entity. This element is intended to be used in connection with the fair value disclosures required in the footnote disclosures to the financial statements.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_AssetsFairValueDisclosureNonrecurring


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
This item represents an other than temporary decline in value that has been recognized against an investment accounted for under the equity method of accounting. The excess of the carrying amount over the fair value of the investment represents the amount of the write down which is or was reflected in earnings. The written down value is a new cost basis with the adjusted value of the investment becoming its new carrying value subject to the equity accounting method. Evidence of a loss in value might include, but would not necessarily be limited to, absence of an ability to recover the carrying amount of the investment or inability of the investee to sustain an earnings capacity which would justify the carrying amount of the investment.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB) -Number 18 -Paragraph 19 -Subparagraph h -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 323 -SubTopic 10 -Section 35 -Paragraph 32 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6903645&loc=d3e32787-111569
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentOtherThanTemporaryImpairment


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
duration













XML
108
R71.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


Components of Inventories (Detail) (USD $)In Millions


Jun. 30, 2011


Jun. 30, 2010



Schedule of Inventory [Line Items]
 
 


Raw materials
$ 232
$ 172


Work in process
56
16


Finished goods
1,084
552


Total
$ 1,372
$ 740





X



- Definition
Schedule of Inventory [Line Items]
+ Details


 Name:
msft_ScheduleOfInventoryLineItems


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of merchandise or goods held by the company that are readily available for sale.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 6 -Subparagraph a -Article 5Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.6(a)(1)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_InventoryFinishedGoods


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
Carrying amount (lower of cost or market) as of the balance sheet date of inventories less all valuation and other allowances. Excludes noncurrent inventory balances (expected to remain on hand past one year or one operating cycle, if longer).
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.6(a)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 330 -SubTopic 10 -Section 35 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6386567&loc=d3e3927-108312Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6361293&loc=d3e6676-107765
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_InventoryNet


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of unprocessed items to be consumed in the manufacturing or production process.  Also includes purchased parts that will be used as components of a finished product.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 6 -Subparagraph a -Article 5Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.6(a)(4)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_InventoryRawMaterials


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of merchandise or goods which are partially completed, are generally comprised of raw materials, labor and factory overhead costs, and which require further materials, labor and overhead to be converted into finished goods, and which generally require the use of estimates to determine percentage complete and pricing.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 6 -Subparagraph a -Article 5Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.6(a)(3)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_InventoryWorkInProcess


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
instant













XML
109
R72.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


Components of Property and Equipment (Detail) (USD $)In Millions


Jun. 30, 2011


Jun. 30, 2010



Property, Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
 
 


Land
$ 533
$ 526


Buildings and improvements
6,521
6,087


Leasehold improvements
2,345
2,100


Computer equipment and software
6,601
5,673


Furniture and equipment
1,991
1,873


Total, at cost
17,991
16,259


Accumulated depreciation
(9,829)
(8,629)


Total, net
$ 8,162
$ 7,630





X



- Definition
Computer hardware and software.
+ Details


 Name:
msft_ComputerHardwareAndSoftware


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
The cumulative amount of depreciation, depletion and amortization (related to property, plant and equipment, but not including land) that has been recognized in the income statement.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 360 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (c) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391035&loc=d3e2868-110229Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.14) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB) -Number 12 -Paragraph 5 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 14 -Article 5Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB) -Number 12 -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph c -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
Gross amount, as of the balance sheet date, of long-lived, depreciable assets that include building structures held for productive use including any addition, improvement, or renovation to the structure, such as interior masonry, interior flooring, electrical, and plumbing.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB) -Number 12 -Paragraph 5 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 4 -Subparagraph (f) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6361293&loc=d3e6812-107765Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 360 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391035&loc=d3e2868-110229
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_BuildingsAndImprovementsGross


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
Gross amount, at the balance sheet date, of long-lived, depreciable assets commonly used in offices and stores. Examples include desks, chairs, and store fixtures.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB) -Number 12 -Paragraph 5 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 360 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391035&loc=d3e2868-110229
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_FurnitureAndFixturesGross


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of real estate held for productive use. This excludes land held for sale.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.13) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 4 -Subparagraph (e) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6361293&loc=d3e6812-107765
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_Land


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
Gross amount, at the balance sheet date, of long-lived, depreciable assets that are an addition or improvement to assets held under lease arrangement.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB) -Number 12 -Paragraph 5 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 4 -Subparagraph (f) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6361293&loc=d3e6812-107765Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 360 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391035&loc=d3e2868-110229
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_LeaseholdImprovementsGross


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
Gross amount, at the balance sheet date, of long-lived physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. This can include land, buildings, machinery and equipment, and other types of furniture and equipment including, but not limited to, office equipment, furniture and fixtures, and computer equipment and software.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB) -Number 12 -Paragraph 5 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 360 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391035&loc=d3e2868-110229Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.13) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Tangible assets that are held by an entity for use in the production or supply of goods and services, for rental to others, or for administrative purposes and that are expected to provide economic benefit for more than one year; net of accumulated depreciation. Examples include land, buildings, machinery and equipment, and other types of furniture and equipment including, but not limited to, office equipment, furniture and fixtures, and computer equipment and software.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.13) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 7 -Section 03 -Paragraph 8Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 13 -Subparagraph a -Article 5Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 12 -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph b, c -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 360 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391035&loc=d3e2868-110229
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
instant













XML
110
R73.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


Property and Equipment - Additional Information (Detail) (USD $)In Billions

12 Months Ended



Jun. 30, 2011


Jun. 30, 2010


Jun. 30, 2009



Property, Plant, and Equipment Disclosure [Line Items]
 
 
 


Depreciation expense
$ 2.0
$ 1.8
$ 1.7





X



- Definition
Property, Plant, and Equipment Disclosure [Line Items]
+ Details


 Name:
msft_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureLineItems


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The amount of expense recognized in the current period that reflects the allocation of the cost of tangible assets over the assets' useful lives. Includes production and non-production related depreciation.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 28 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB) -Number 12 -Paragraph 5 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6943989&loc=d3e3602-108585
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_Depreciation


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
duration













XML
111
R74.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


Business Combinations - Additional Information (Detail) (USD $)

12 Months Ended




Jun. 30, 2011

Year

Entity


Jun. 30, 2010

Year

Entity


Jun. 30, 2009

Year

Entity


May 10, 2011



Business Acquisition [Line Items]
 
 
 
 


Number of entities acquired
3
5
9
 


Business acquisitions, total consideration
$ 75,000,000
$ 267,000,000
$ 925,000,000
 


Number of entities sold
 
3
 
 


Business dispositions, total consideration
 
600,000,000
 
 


Agreed purchase price for future business acquisition
 
 
 
$ 8,500,000,000





X



- Definition
The amount expected to be paid to acquire an entity through a business combination that has been announced but not yet completed.
+ Details


 Name:
msft_BusinessAcquisitionAgreementCostOfEntityToBeAcquired


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
The number of entities sold during the period.
+ Details


 Name:
msft_BusinessDispositionsNumberOfEntitiesSold


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
xbrli:integerItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
Amount of cash paid to acquire the entity.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 141 -Paragraph 51 -Subparagraph d -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 141R -Paragraph 68 -Subparagraph f(1) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionCostOfAcquiredEntityCashPaid


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The number of businesses acquired by the entity during the period.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_NumberOfBusinessesAcquired


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:integerItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The cash inflow associated with the amount received from the sale of a portion of the company's business, for example a segment, division, branch or other business, during the period.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 15, 16 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Investing Activities -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6516133Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 12 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6943989&loc=d3e3179-108585
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_ProceedsFromDivestitureOfBusinesses


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
duration













XML
112
R75.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


Carrying Amount of Goodwill (Detail) (USD $)In Millions

12 Months Ended



Jun. 30, 2011


Jun. 30, 2010



Goodwill [Line Items]
 
 


Beginning Balance
$ 12,394
$ 12,503


Acquisitions
47
198


Purchase Accounting Adjustments and Other
140
(307)


Ending Balance
12,581
12,394



Windows & Windows Live Division

 
 


Goodwill [Line Items]
 
 


Beginning Balance
77
77


Acquisitions
0
0


Purchase Accounting Adjustments and Other
12
0


Ending Balance
89
77



Server and Tools

 
 


Goodwill [Line Items]
 
 


Beginning Balance
1,118
1,038


Acquisitions
13
82


Purchase Accounting Adjustments and Other
8
(2)


Ending Balance
1,139
1,118



Online Services Division

 
 


Goodwill [Line Items]
 
 


Beginning Balance
6,373
6,657


Acquisitions
0
0


Purchase Accounting Adjustments and Other
0
(284)


Ending Balance
6,373
6,373



Microsoft Business Division

 
 


Goodwill [Line Items]
 
 


Beginning Balance
4,024
3,927


Acquisitions
4
116


Purchase Accounting Adjustments and Other
139
(19)


Ending Balance
4,167
4,024



Entertainment and Devices Division

 
 


Goodwill [Line Items]
 
 


Beginning Balance
802
804


Acquisitions
30
0


Purchase Accounting Adjustments and Other
(19)
(2)


Ending Balance
$ 813
$ 802





X



- Definition
The aggregate amount of purchase accounting adjustments, foreign currency translation adjustments on goodwill, and goodwill associated with businesses dispositions in the period.
+ Details


 Name:
msft_GoodwillPurchaseAccountingAdjustmentsAndOther


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date, which is the cumulative amount paid and (if applicable) the fair value of any noncontrolling interest in the acquiree, adjusted for any amortization recognized prior to the adoption of any changes in generally accepted accounting principles (as applicable) and for any impairment charges, in excess of the fair value of net assets acquired in one or more business combination transactions.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 142 -Paragraph 45 -Subparagraph e -Clause 1 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 142 -Paragraph 43 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 141R -Paragraph 68 -Subparagraph l -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 142 -Paragraph 45 -Subparagraph e -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 141R -Paragraph 34 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 350 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6905597&loc=d3e13816-109267Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 350 -SubTopic 20 -Section 45 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6388280&loc=d3e13770-109266Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 141R -Paragraph 72 -Subparagraph d -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_Goodwill


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
The aggregate amount of goodwill acquired in the period and allocated to the reportable segment. The value is stated at fair value based on the purchase price allocation.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 350 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6905597&loc=d3e13816-109267Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 141R -Paragraph 72 -Subparagraph d -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 142 -Paragraph 45 -Subparagraph e -Clause 2 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_GoodwillAcquiredDuringPeriod


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_GoodwillLineItems


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration













XML
113
R76.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


Goodwill - Additional Information (Detail) (USD $)In Millions

12 Months Ended



Jun. 30, 2011


Jun. 30, 2010



Goodwill and Intangible Assets Disclosure [Line Items]
 
 


Amounts of goodwill deductible for tax purposes
None of the amounts recorded as goodwill are expected to be deductible for tax purposes
None of the amounts recorded as goodwill are expected to be deductible for tax purposes


Goodwill associated with business dispositions
 
$ 285





X



- Definition
Goodwill and Intangible Assets Disclosure [Line Items]
+ Details


 Name:
msft_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureLineItems


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
This element represents a narrative description of the amount of goodwill recognized in connection with a business combination which is expected to be deductible for income tax purposes.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 141R -Paragraph 68 -Subparagraph k -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 805 -SubTopic 30 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (d) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6911361&loc=d3e6927-128479
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionPurchasePriceAllocationGoodwillExpectedTaxDeductibleAmountDescription


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Write-off of the carrying amount of goodwill associated with all or a portion of a reporting unit that is sold in the period.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 350 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (d) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6905597&loc=d3e13816-109267Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 141R -Paragraph 72 -Subparagraph d -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 142 -Paragraph 45 -Subparagraph e -Clause 4 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_GoodwillWrittenOffRelatedToSaleOfBusinessUnit


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
duration













XML
114
R77.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


Finite-Lived Intangible Assets (Detail) (USD $)In Millions


Jun. 30, 2011


Jun. 30, 2010



Finite-Lived Intangible Assets [Line Items]
 

 



Gross Carrying Amount
$ 3,863

$ 3,887



Accumulated Amortization
(3,119)

(2,729)



Net Carrying Amount
744

1,158




Contract-based

 

 



Finite-Lived Intangible Assets [Line Items]
 

 



Gross Carrying Amount
1,068

1,075



Accumulated Amortization
(966)

(914)



Net Carrying Amount
102

161




Technology-based

 

 



Finite-Lived Intangible Assets [Line Items]
 

 



Gross Carrying Amount
2,356
[1]
2,308
[1]


Accumulated Amortization
(1,831)
[1]
(1,521)
[1]


Net Carrying Amount
525
[1]
787
[1]



Marketing-related

 

 



Finite-Lived Intangible Assets [Line Items]
 

 



Gross Carrying Amount
113

114



Accumulated Amortization
(98)

(86)



Net Carrying Amount
15

28




Customer-related

 

 



Finite-Lived Intangible Assets [Line Items]
 

 



Gross Carrying Amount
326

390



Accumulated Amortization
(224)

(208)



Net Carrying Amount
$ 102

$ 182









[1]
Technology-based intangible assets included $179 million and $249 million as of June 30, 2011 and 2010, respectively, of net carrying amount of software to be sold, leased, or otherwise marketed.








X



- Definition
The accumulated amount of amortization of a major finite-lived intangible asset class. A major class is composed of intangible assets that can be grouped together because they are similar, either by their nature or by their use in the operations of a company.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 142 -Paragraph 45 -Subparagraph a(1) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 350 -SubTopic 30 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (a)(1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6905858&loc=d3e16323-109275
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
Sum of the gross carrying amounts before accumulated amortization as of the balance sheet date of all intangible assets having statutory or estimated useful lives. The aggregate gross carrying amount (including any previously recognized impairment charges) of a major finite-lived intangible asset class. A major class is composed of intangible assets that can be grouped together because they are similar, either by their nature or by their use in the operations of a company.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 142 -Paragraph 45 -Subparagraph a(1) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 350 -SubTopic 30 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (a)(1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6905858&loc=d3e16323-109275
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The aggregate sum of gross carrying value of a major finite-lived intangible asset class, less accumulated amortization and any impairment charges. A major class is composed of intangible assets that can be grouped together because they are similar, either by their nature or by their use in the operations of a company.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 142 -Paragraph 45 -Subparagraph a(1) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 350 -SubTopic 30 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (a)(1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6905858&loc=d3e16323-109275
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
instant













XML
115
R78.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


Finite-Lived Intangible Assets (Parenthetical) (Detail) (USD $)In Millions


Jun. 30, 2011


Jun. 30, 2010



Finite-Lived Intangible Assets [Line Items]
 
 


Net Carrying Amount
$ 744
$ 1,158



Software and Software Development Costs

 
 


Finite-Lived Intangible Assets [Line Items]
 
 


Net Carrying Amount
$ 179
$ 249





X



- Definition
Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The aggregate sum of gross carrying value of a major finite-lived intangible asset class, less accumulated amortization and any impairment charges. A major class is composed of intangible assets that can be grouped together because they are similar, either by their nature or by their use in the operations of a company.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 142 -Paragraph 45 -Subparagraph a(1) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 350 -SubTopic 30 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (a)(1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6905858&loc=d3e16323-109275
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
instant













XML
116
R79.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


Intangible Assets Acquired (Detail) (USD $)In Millions, unless otherwise specified

12 Months Ended



Jun. 30, 2011

Year

Entity


Jun. 30, 2010

Year

Entity



Acquired Finite-Lived Intangible Assets [Line Items]
 
 


Amount
$ 122
$ 343


Weighted Average Life (years)
3
4



Contract-based

 
 


Acquired Finite-Lived Intangible Assets [Line Items]
 
 


Amount
0
3


Weighted Average Life (years)
 
2



Technology-based

 
 


Acquired Finite-Lived Intangible Assets [Line Items]
 
 


Amount
119
322


Weighted Average Life (years)
3
4



Marketing-related

 
 


Acquired Finite-Lived Intangible Assets [Line Items]
 
 


Amount
1
0


Weighted Average Life (years)
7
 



Customer-related

 
 


Acquired Finite-Lived Intangible Assets [Line Items]
 
 


Amount
$ 2
$ 18


Weighted Average Life (years)
4
5





X



- Definition
The aggregate amount assigned to a major class of finite-lived intangible assets acquired either individually or as part of a group of assets (in either an asset acquisition or business combination). A major class is composed of intangible assets that can be grouped together because they are similar, either by their nature or by their use in the operations of a company.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 142 -Paragraph 44 -Subparagraph a(1) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 350 -SubTopic 30 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (a)(1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6905858&loc=d3e16265-109275
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_AcquiredFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetAmount


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_AcquiredFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The calculated weighted-average amortization period of a major class of finite-lived intangible assets acquired during the current period either individually or as part of a group of assets (in either an asset acquisition or business combination). A major class is composed of intangible assets that can be grouped together because they are similar, either by their nature or by their use in the operations of a company.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 142 -Paragraph 44 -Subparagraph a(3) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 350 -SubTopic 30 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (a)(3) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6905858&loc=d3e16265-109275
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_AcquiredFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetWeightedAverageUsefulLife


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:decimalItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration













XML
117
R8.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


EARNINGS PER SHARE

12 Months Ended



Jun. 30, 2011



EARNINGS PER SHARE


NOTE 2 —
EARNINGS PER SHARE

Basic earnings per share
(“EPS”) is computed based on the weighted average
number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period.
Diluted EPS is computed based on the weighted average number of
shares of common stock plus the effect of dilutive potential common
shares outstanding during the period using the treasury stock
method. Dilutive potential common shares include outstanding stock
options, stock awards, and shared performance stock awards. The
components of basic and diluted EPS are as follows:

 


















(In millions, except earnings per share)
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 















Year Ended June 30,
  
2011
 
 
2010
 
 
2009
 









Net income available for common
shareholders (A)

  
$
  23,150
  
 
$
  18,760
  
 
$
  14,569
  









Weighted average outstanding shares
of common stock (B)

  
 
8,490
  
 
 
8,813
  
 
 
8,945
  



Dilutive effect of stock-based
awards

  
 
103
  
 
 
114
  
 
 
51
  






 






 









Common stock and common stock
equivalents (C)

  
 
8,593
  
 
 
8,927
  
 
 
8,996
  


 
  






 






 














Earnings Per Share
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 









Basic (A/B)

  
$
2.73
  
 
$
2.13
  
 
$
1.63
  



Diluted (A/C)

  
$
2.69
  
 
$
2.10
  
 
$
1.62
  




We excluded the following
shares underlying stock-based awards from the calculations of
diluted EPS because their inclusion would have been
anti-dilutive:

 


















(In millions)
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 















Year Ended June 30,
  
2011
 
  
2010
 
  
2009
 









Shares excluded from calculations of
diluted EPS

  
 
21
  
  
 
28
  
  
 
342
  




The decrease in
anti-dilutive shares from fiscal year 2009 to 2010 was due mainly
to the decrease in employee stock options outstanding.

In June 2010, we issued
$1.25 billion of zero-coupon debt securities that are convertible
into shares of our common stock if certain conditions are
met. As of June 30, 2011, none of these securities had
met price or other conditions that would make them eligible for
issuance and therefore were excluded from the calculation of either
the basic or diluted EPS. See Note 12 – Debt for
additional information.






X



- Definition
The entire disclosure for earnings per share.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920599&loc=d3e1252-109256Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 55 -Paragraph 52 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6945512&loc=d3e4984-109258Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 128 -Paragraph 40 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920599&loc=d3e1278-109256Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.21) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6880815&loc=d3e20235-122688
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_EarningsPerShareTextBlock


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
nonnum:textBlockItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration













XML
118
R80.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


Intangible Assets - Additional Information (Detail) (USD $)In Millions

12 Months Ended



Jun. 30, 2011


Jun. 30, 2010


Jun. 30, 2009



Goodwill and Intangible Assets Disclosure [Line Items]
 
 
 


Intangible assets amortization expense
$ 537
$ 707
$ 591


Amortization of capitalized software
$ 114
$ 97
$ 65





X



- Definition
Goodwill and Intangible Assets Disclosure [Line Items]
+ Details


 Name:
msft_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureLineItems


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
For each income statement presented, the amount charged to expense for amortization of capitalized computer software costs.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 985 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6501960&loc=d3e128487-111756Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Implementation Guide (Q and A) -Number FAS86 -Paragraph 18 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 86 -Paragraph 11 -Subparagraph b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 985 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6501960&loc=d3e128462-111756
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_CapitalizedComputerSoftwareAmortization


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Aggregate amount of intangible asset amortization recognized as expense during the period.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 142 -Paragraph 45 -Subparagraph a(2) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 350 -SubTopic 30 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (a)(2) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6905858&loc=d3e16323-109275
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpense


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
duration













XML
119
R81.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


Estimated Future Amortization Expense Related to Intangible Assets (Detail) (USD $)In Millions

12 Months Ended




Jun. 30, 2011


Jun. 30, 2010



Expected Amortization Expense [Line Items]
 
 


Year Ending June 30, 2012
$ 390
 


Year Ending June 30, 2013
242
 


Year Ending June 30, 2014
68
 


Year Ending June 30, 2015
27
 


Year Ending June 30, 2016
10
 


Year Ending June 30, 2017 and thereafter
7
 


Net Carrying Amount
$ 744
$ 1,158





X



- Definition
Expected Amortization Expense [Line Items]
+ Details


 Name:
msft_ExpectedAmortizationExpenseLineItems


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The aggregate sum of gross carrying value of a major finite-lived intangible asset class, less accumulated amortization and any impairment charges. A major class is composed of intangible assets that can be grouped together because they are similar, either by their nature or by their use in the operations of a company.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 142 -Paragraph 45 -Subparagraph a(1) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 350 -SubTopic 30 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (a)(1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6905858&loc=d3e16323-109275
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
The amount of amortization expense expected to be recognized for the remainder of the finite-lived intangible asset useful life after the fifth succeeding fiscal year.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_FutureAmortizationExpenseAfterYearFive


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The amount of amortization expense expected to be recognized during year five of the five succeeding fiscal years.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 142 -Paragraph 45 -Subparagraph a(3) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 350 -SubTopic 30 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (a)(3) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6905858&loc=d3e16323-109275
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_FutureAmortizationExpenseYearFive


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The amount of amortization expense expected to be recognized during year four of the five succeeding fiscal years.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 142 -Paragraph 45 -Subparagraph a(3) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 350 -SubTopic 30 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (a)(3) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6905858&loc=d3e16323-109275
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_FutureAmortizationExpenseYearFour


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The amount of amortization expense expected to be recognized during year one of the five succeeding fiscal years.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 142 -Paragraph 45 -Subparagraph a(3) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 350 -SubTopic 30 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (a)(3) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6905858&loc=d3e16323-109275
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_FutureAmortizationExpenseYearOne


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The amount of amortization expense expected to be recognized during year three of the five succeeding fiscal years.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 142 -Paragraph 45 -Subparagraph a(3) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 350 -SubTopic 30 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (a)(3) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6905858&loc=d3e16323-109275
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_FutureAmortizationExpenseYearThree


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The amount of amortization expense expected to be recognized during year two of the five succeeding fiscal years.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 142 -Paragraph 45 -Subparagraph a(3) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 350 -SubTopic 30 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (a)(3) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6905858&loc=d3e16323-109275
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_FutureAmortizationExpenseYearTwo


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
duration













XML
120
R82.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


Debt - Additional Information (Detail) (USD $)

1 Months Ended
12 Months Ended



Nov. 30, 2010


Jun. 30, 2010


Jun. 30, 2011


Jun. 30, 2010


Jun. 30, 2009



Debt Disclosure [Line Items]
 
 
 
 
 


Commercial paper, repaid
 
 
$ 1,000,000,000
 
 


Commercial paper
 
 
0
 
 


Cash paid for interest
 
 
197,000,000
145,000,000
0


364-day Credit facility
1,000,000,000
 
 
 
 


364-day Credit facility expiry date
2010-11-05
 
 
 
 


Long-term debt
 
4,900,000,000
11,900,000,000
4,900,000,000
 


Estimated fair value of our long-term debt, including convertible debt
 
5,200,000,000
12,100,000,000
5,200,000,000
 


Unamortized discount
 
61,000,000
79,000,000
61,000,000
 


Proceeds from convertible debt offering
 
1,240,000,000
 
 
 


Capped call options, cap price
 
37.16
 
 
 


Derivative asset
 
776,000,000
416,000,000
776,000,000
 



Convertible Debt Due June 15th 2013

 
 
 
 
 


Debt Disclosure [Line Items]
 
 
 
 
 


Issued convertible unsecured debt
 
1,250,000,000
 
1,250,000,000
 


Debt instrument maturity date
 
 
Jun. 15,
         2013
Jun. 15,
         2013
 


Principal amount of each convertible note
 
1,000
 
1,000
 


Conversion shares of Microsoft common stock of convertible notes
 
29.94
 
 
 


Conversion price per share of convertible notes
 
$ 33.40
 
$ 33.40
 


Net carrying amount of our convertible debt
 
 
1,200,000,000
 
 


Unamortized discount
 
 
38,000,000
 
 


Terms of conversion change date
 
Mar. 15,
         2013
 
 
 



Debt

 
 
 
 
 


Debt Disclosure [Line Items]
 
 
 
 
 


Proceeds from convertible debt offering
 
1,180,000,000
 
 
 



Equity

 
 
 
 
 


Debt Disclosure [Line Items]
 
 
 
 
 


Proceeds from convertible debt offering
 
58,000,000
 
 
 



Purchased Call Option

 
 
 
 
 


Debt Disclosure [Line Items]
 
 
 
 
 


Derivative asset
 
$ 40,000,000
 
$ 40,000,000
 





X



- Definition
Debt Disclosure [Line Items]
+ Details


 Name:
msft_DebtDisclosureLineItems


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The date on which the terms of the potential conversion of the notes change.
+ Details


 Name:
msft_DebtInstrumentConvertibleChangeDate


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
xbrli:dateItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The principal amount of each convertible note.
+ Details


 Name:
msft_DebtInstrumentConvertibleConversionFaceAmount


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
The number of shares of Microsoft common stock into which each convertible note may be converted.
+ Details


 Name:
msft_DebtInstrumentConvertibleEquityInstrumentsInConversion


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
xbrli:decimalItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of short-term borrowings using unsecured obligations issued by banks, corporations and other borrowers to investors. The maturities of these money market securities generally do not exceed 270 days.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 942 -SubTopic 210 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-03.13(2)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 9 -Section 03 -Paragraph 13 -Subparagraph 2Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 7 -Section 03 -Paragraph 16Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 5 -Section 02 -Paragraph 19 -Subparagraph a(3)Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(a)(3)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_CommercialPaper


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
Carrying amount of long-term convertible debt as of the balance sheet date, net of the amount due in the next twelve months or greater than the normal operating cycle, if longer. The debt is convertible into another form of financial instrument, typically the entity's common stock.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 22 -Article 5Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.22) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_ConvertibleDebtNoncurrent


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
Including current and noncurrent portions, aggregate carrying amount of long-term borrowings as of the balance sheet date before deducting unamortized discount or premiums (if any). May include notes payable, bonds payable, commercial loans, mortgage loans, convertible debt, subordinated debt and other types of debt, which had initial maturities beyond one year or beyond the normal operating cycle, if longer.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.22) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name FASB Staff Position (FSP) -Number APB14-1 -Paragraph 31 -Subparagraph b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 20 -Article 5Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 22 -Article 5Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 16 -Article 9
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_DebtInstrumentCarryingAmount


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
The price per share of the conversion feature embedded in the debt instrument.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 470 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928298&loc=SL6031898-161870Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name FASB Staff Position (FSP) -Number APB14-1 -Paragraph 32 -Subparagraph b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_DebtInstrumentConvertibleConversionPrice1


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
num:perShareItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
Date when the debt instrument is scheduled to be fully repaid, which may be presented in a variety of ways (year, month and year, day, month and year, quarter, etc.).
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 129 -Paragraph 2, 4 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 22 -Article 5Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.22(a)(2)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:dateItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The amount of debt discount that was originally recognized at the issuance of the instrument that has yet to be amortized.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name FASB Staff Position (FSP) -Number APB14-1 -Paragraph 31 -Subparagraph b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB) -Number 21 -Paragraph 16, 20 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 835 -SubTopic 30 -Section 45 -Paragraph 1A -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6451184&loc=d3e28541-108399Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 835 -SubTopic 30 -Section 55 -Paragraph 8 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6584090&loc=d3e28878-108400
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_DebtInstrumentUnamortizedDiscount


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
Fair value of derivative asset, presented on a gross basis even when the derivative instrument is subject to master netting arrangements and qualifies for net presentation in the statement of financial position.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 815 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4B -Subparagraph (a),(c) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6935481&loc=SL5624163-113959Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 133 -Paragraph 44C -Subparagraph a -Clause 1 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 133 -Paragraph 205G -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
The amount of cash paid for interest during the period.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 29 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 25 -Subparagraph (e) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6943989&loc=d3e3536-108585Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367179&loc=d3e4297-108586
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_InterestPaid


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Reflects when the credit facility terminates, which may be presented in a variety of ways (year, month and year, day, month and year, quarter).
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 129 -Paragraph 2, 4 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 19, 22 -Article 5Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b),22(b)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityExpirationDate


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
us-types:dateStringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Maximum borrowing capacity under the credit facility without consideration of any current restrictions on the amount that could be borrowed or the amounts currently outstanding under the facility.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 129 -Paragraph 2, 4 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 19, 22 -Article 5Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b),22(b)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
Including current and noncurrent portions, aggregate carrying amount of long-term borrowings as of the balance sheet date. May include notes payable, bonds payable, commercial loans, mortgage loans, convertible debt, subordinated debt and other types of debt, which had initial maturities beyond one year or beyond the normal operating cycle, if longer, and after deducting unamortized discount or premiums, if any.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.22) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 942 -SubTopic 210 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-03.16) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 7 -Section 03 -Paragraph 16Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 210 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.16) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879938&loc=d3e572229-122910Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 16 -Article 9Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 20, 22 -Article 5
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_LongTermDebt


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
The fair value amount of long-term debt whether such amount is presented as a separate caption or as a parenthetical disclosure. Additionally, this element may be used in connection with the fair value disclosures required in the footnote disclosures to the financial statements. The element may be used in both the balance sheet and disclosure in the same submission.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_LongTermDebtFairValue


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
The exercise (or strike) price stated in the contract. The fixed price at which the option holder can purchase, in the case of a call option, or sell, in the case of a put option, on the underlying security.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) -Number 00-19 -Paragraph 50 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 815 -SubTopic 40 -Section 50 -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph (a)(2) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6445032&loc=d3e90205-114008
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_OptionIndexedToIssuersEquityStrikePrice


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
us-types:perUnitItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The cash inflow from the issuance of a long-term debt instrument which can be exchanged for a specified amount of another security, typically the entity's common stock, at the option of the issuer or the holder.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 14 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6943989&loc=d3e3255-108585Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 18 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 19 -Subparagraph b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Financing Activities -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6513228
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_ProceedsFromConvertibleDebt


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The cash outflow due to repaying amounts borrowed by issuing commercial paper.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 15 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6943989&loc=d3e3291-108585Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 18 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 20 -Subparagraph b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Financing Activities -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6513228
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_RepaymentsOfCommercialPaper


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
duration













XML
121
R83.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


Maturities of Long-term Debt (Detail) (USD $)In Millions


Jun. 30, 2011



Debt Instrument [Line Items]
 


Year Ending June 30, 2012
$ 0


Year Ending June 30, 2013
1,250


Year Ending June 30, 2014
3,000


Year Ending June 30, 2015
0


Year Ending June 30, 2016
2,500


Thereafter
5,250


Total
$ 12,000





X



- Definition
The stated principal amount of the debt instrument at time of issuance, which may vary from the carrying amount because of unamortized premium or discount.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB) -Number 21 -Paragraph 16, 20 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 835 -SubTopic 30 -Section 45 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6451184&loc=d3e28551-108399Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 835 -SubTopic 30 -Section 55 -Paragraph 8 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6584090&loc=d3e28878-108400
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Amount of long-term debt maturities after year five following the date of the latest balance sheet presented in the financial statements, which may include maturities of long-term debt, sinking fund requirements, and other securities redeemable at fixed of determinable prices and dates.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 47 -Paragraph 10 -Subparagraph b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 470 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6802200&loc=d3e1835-112601
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalAfterYearFive


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
Amount of long-term debt maturing within the next twelve months following the date of the latest balance sheet presented in the financial statements, which may include maturities of long-term debt, sinking fund requirements, and other securities redeemable at fixed or determinable prices and dates.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 47 -Paragraph 10 -Subparagraph b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 470 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6802200&loc=d3e1835-112601
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInNextTwelveMonths


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
Amount of long-term debt maturing in year five following the date of the latest balance sheet presented in the financial statements, which may include maturities of long-term debt, sinking fund requirements, and other securities redeemable at fixed of determinable prices and dates.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 47 -Paragraph 10 -Subparagraph b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 470 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6802200&loc=d3e1835-112601
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFive


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
Amount of long-term debt maturing in year four following the date of the latest balance sheet presented in the financial statements, which may include maturities of long-term debt, sinking fund requirements, and other securities redeemable at fixed of determinable prices and dates.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 47 -Paragraph 10 -Subparagraph b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 470 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6802200&loc=d3e1835-112601
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFour


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
Amount of long-term debt maturing in year three following the date of the latest balance sheet presented in the financial statements, which may include maturities of long-term debt, sinking fund requirements, and other securities redeemable at fixed of determinable prices and dates.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 47 -Paragraph 10 -Subparagraph b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 470 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6802200&loc=d3e1835-112601
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearThree


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
Amount of long-term debt maturing in year two following the date of the latest balance sheet presented in the financial statements, which may include maturities of long-term debt, sinking fund requirements, and other securities redeemable at fixed or determinable prices and dates.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 47 -Paragraph 10 -Subparagraph b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 470 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6802200&loc=d3e1835-112601
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearTwo


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
instant













XML
122
R84.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


Long-term Debt (Detail) (USD $)In Millions, unless otherwise specified

12 Months Ended



Jun. 30, 2011


Jun. 30, 2010



Debt Instrument [Line Items]
 
 


Notes
$ 10,750
$ 3,750


Total unamortized discount
(79)
(61)


Total
11,921
4,939



Notes 0.875 Percent Due September 27th 2013

 
 


Debt Instrument [Line Items]
 
 


Debt maturity date
Sep. 27,
         2013
 


Notes
1,000
 


Stated Interest Rate
0.875%
 


Effective Interest Rate
1.00%
 



Notes 0.875 Percent Due September 27th 2013 | Semi Annual Payment, First Payment

 
 


Debt Instrument [Line Items]
 
 


Interest Record Date
March 15
 


Interest Pay Date
March 27
 



Notes 0.875 Percent Due September 27th 2013 | Semi Annual Payment, Second Payment

 
 


Debt Instrument [Line Items]
 
 


Interest Record Date
September 15
 


Interest Pay Date
September 27
 



Notes 2.95 Percent Due June 1st 2014

 
 


Debt Instrument [Line Items]
 
 


Debt maturity date
Jun.
        01,
         2014
Jun.
        01,
         2014


Notes
2,000
2,000


Stated Interest Rate
2.95%
2.95%


Effective Interest Rate
3.049%
3.049%



Notes 2.95 Percent Due June 1st 2014 | Semi Annual Payment, First Payment

 
 


Debt Instrument [Line Items]
 
 


Interest Record Date
May 15
May 15


Interest Pay Date
June 1
June 1



Notes 2.95 Percent Due June 1st 2014 | Semi Annual Payment, Second Payment

 
 


Debt Instrument [Line Items]
 
 


Interest Record Date
November 15
November 15


Interest Pay Date
December 1
December 1



Notes 1.625 Percent Due September 25th 2015

 
 


Debt Instrument [Line Items]
 
 


Debt maturity date
Sep. 25,
         2015
 


Notes
1,750
 


Stated Interest Rate
1.625%
 


Effective Interest Rate
1.795%
 



Notes 1.625 Percent Due September 25th 2015 | Semi Annual Payment, First Payment

 
 


Debt Instrument [Line Items]
 
 


Interest Record Date
March 15
 


Interest Pay Date
March 25
 



Notes 1.625 Percent Due September 25th 2015 | Semi Annual Payment, Second Payment

 
 


Debt Instrument [Line Items]
 
 


Interest Record Date
September 15
 


Interest Pay Date
September 25
 



Notes 2.5 Percent Due February 8th 2016

 
 


Debt Instrument [Line Items]
 
 


Debt maturity date
Feb.
        08,
         2016
 


Notes
750
 


Stated Interest Rate
2.50%
 


Effective Interest Rate
2.642%
 



Notes 2.5 Percent Due February 8th 2016 | Semi Annual Payment, First Payment

 
 


Debt Instrument [Line Items]
 
 


Interest Record Date
February 1
 


Interest Pay Date
February 8
 



Notes 2.5 Percent Due February 8th 2016 | Semi Annual Payment, Second Payment

 
 


Debt Instrument [Line Items]
 
 


Interest Record Date
August 1
 


Interest Pay Date
August 8
 



Notes 4.2 Percent Due June 1st 2019

 
 


Debt Instrument [Line Items]
 
 


Debt maturity date
Jun.
        01,
         2019
Jun.
        01,
         2019


Notes
1,000
1,000


Stated Interest Rate
4.20%
4.20%


Effective Interest Rate
4.379%
4.379%



Notes 4.2 Percent Due June 1st 2019 | Semi Annual Payment, First Payment

 
 


Debt Instrument [Line Items]
 
 


Interest Record Date
May 15
May 15


Interest Pay Date
June 1
June 1



Notes 4.2 Percent Due June 1st 2019 | Semi Annual Payment, Second Payment

 
 


Debt Instrument [Line Items]
 
 


Interest Record Date
November 15
November 15


Interest Pay Date
December 1
December 1



Notes 3.0 Percent Due October 1st 2020

 
 


Debt Instrument [Line Items]
 
 


Debt maturity date
Oct.
        01,
         2020
 


Notes
1,000
 


Stated Interest Rate
3.00%
 


Effective Interest Rate
3.137%
 



Notes 3.0 Percent Due October 1st 2020 | Semi Annual Payment, First Payment

 
 


Debt Instrument [Line Items]
 
 


Interest Record Date
March 15
 


Interest Pay Date
April 1
 



Notes 3.0 Percent Due October 1st 2020 | Semi Annual Payment, Second Payment

 
 


Debt Instrument [Line Items]
 
 


Interest Record Date
September 15
 


Interest Pay Date
October 1
 



Notes 4.0 Percent Due February 8th 2021

 
 


Debt Instrument [Line Items]
 
 


Debt maturity date
Feb.
        08,
         2021
 


Notes
500
 


Stated Interest Rate
4.00%
 


Effective Interest Rate
4.082%
 



Notes 4.0 Percent Due February 8th 2021 | Semi Annual Payment, First Payment

 
 


Debt Instrument [Line Items]
 
 


Interest Record Date
February 1
 


Interest Pay Date
February 8
 



Notes 4.0 Percent Due February 8th 2021 | Semi Annual Payment, Second Payment

 
 


Debt Instrument [Line Items]
 
 


Interest Record Date
August 1
 


Interest Pay Date
August 8
 



Notes 5.2 Percent Due June 1st 2039

 
 


Debt Instrument [Line Items]
 
 


Debt maturity date
Jun.
        01,
         2039
Jun.
        01,
         2039


Notes
750
750


Stated Interest Rate
5.20%
5.20%


Effective Interest Rate
5.24%
5.24%



Notes 5.2 Percent Due June 1st 2039 | Semi Annual Payment, First Payment

 
 


Debt Instrument [Line Items]
 
 


Interest Record Date
May 15
May 15


Interest Pay Date
June 1
June 1



Notes 5.2 Percent Due June 1st 2039 | Semi Annual Payment, Second Payment

 
 


Debt Instrument [Line Items]
 
 


Interest Record Date
November 15
November 15


Interest Pay Date
December 1
December 1



Notes 4.5 Percent Due October 1st 2040

 
 


Debt Instrument [Line Items]
 
 


Debt maturity date
Oct.
        01,
         2040
 


Notes
1,000
 


Stated Interest Rate
4.50%
 


Effective Interest Rate
4.567%
 



Notes 4.5 Percent Due October 1st 2040 | Semi Annual Payment, First Payment

 
 


Debt Instrument [Line Items]
 
 


Interest Record Date
March 15
 


Interest Pay Date
April 1
 



Notes 4.5 Percent Due October 1st 2040 | Semi Annual Payment, Second Payment

 
 


Debt Instrument [Line Items]
 
 


Interest Record Date
September 15
 


Interest Pay Date
October 1
 



Notes 5.3 Percent Due February 8th 2041

 
 


Debt Instrument [Line Items]
 
 


Debt maturity date
Feb.
        08,
         2041
 


Notes
1,000
 


Stated Interest Rate
5.30%
 


Effective Interest Rate
5.361%
 



Notes 5.3 Percent Due February 8th 2041 | Semi Annual Payment, First Payment

 
 


Debt Instrument [Line Items]
 
 


Interest Record Date
February 1
 


Interest Pay Date
February 8
 



Notes 5.3 Percent Due February 8th 2041 | Semi Annual Payment, Second Payment

 
 


Debt Instrument [Line Items]
 
 


Interest Record Date
August 1
 


Interest Pay Date
August 8
 



Convertible Debt Due June 15th 2013

 
 


Debt Instrument [Line Items]
 
 


Debt maturity date
Jun. 15,
         2013
Jun. 15,
         2013


Convertible debt
1,250
1,250


Total unamortized discount
$ (38)
 


Stated Interest Rate
0.00%
0.00%


Effective Interest Rate
1.849%
1.849%





X



- Definition
The date on which periodic interest payments are due.
+ Details


 Name:
msft_DebtInstrumentInterestRatePaymentDate


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The date as of when a holder must own the debt instrument to be entitled to the interest.
+ Details


 Name:
msft_InterestPayableDateOfRecord


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Including the current and noncurrent portions, carrying amount of debt identified as being convertible into another form of financial instrument (typically the entity's common stock) as of the balance sheet date, which originally required full repayment more than twelve months after issuance or greater than the normal operating cycle of the company.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 942 -SubTopic 210 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-03.16) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 19, 20, 22 -Article 5Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 16 -Article 9Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 210 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.16(a)(2)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879938&loc=d3e572229-122910
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_ConvertibleDebt


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
Effective interest rate for the funds borrowed under the debt agreement considering interest compounding and original issue discount or premium.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 22 -Article 5Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 835 -SubTopic 30 -Section 45 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6451184&loc=d3e28551-108399Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.22(a)(1)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateEffectivePercentage


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
num:percentItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
Interest rate stated in the contractual debt agreement.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 22 -Article 5Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.22(a)(1)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
num:percentItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Date when the debt instrument is scheduled to be fully repaid, which may be presented in a variety of ways (year, month and year, day, month and year, quarter, etc.).
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 129 -Paragraph 2, 4 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 22 -Article 5Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.22(a)(2)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:dateItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The amount of debt discount that was originally recognized at the issuance of the instrument that has yet to be amortized.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name FASB Staff Position (FSP) -Number APB14-1 -Paragraph 31 -Subparagraph b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB) -Number 21 -Paragraph 16, 20 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 835 -SubTopic 30 -Section 45 -Paragraph 1A -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6451184&loc=d3e28541-108399Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 835 -SubTopic 30 -Section 55 -Paragraph 8 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6584090&loc=d3e28878-108400
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_DebtInstrumentUnamortizedDiscount


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
Sum of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of all long-term debt, which is debt initially having maturities due after one year from the balance sheet date or beyond the operating cycle, if longer, but excluding the portions thereof scheduled to be repaid within one year (current maturities) or the normal operating cycle, if longer, and after deducting unamortized discount or premiums, if any.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 22 -Article 5Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.22) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of notes payable (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer), excluding current portion.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 22 -Article 5Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.22) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_LongTermNotesPayable


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
instant













XML
123
R85.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


Provision for Income Taxes (Detail) (USD $)In Millions

12 Months Ended



Jun. 30, 2011


Jun. 30, 2010


Jun. 30, 2009



Current Taxes
 
 
 


U.S. federal
$ 3,108
$ 4,415
$ 3,159


U.S. state and local
209
357
192


International
1,602
1,701
1,139


Current taxes
4,919
6,473
4,490


Deferred Taxes
 
 
 


Deferred taxes
2
(220)
762


Provision for income taxes
$ 4,921
$ 6,253
$ 5,252





X



- Definition
The component of income tax expense for the period representing amounts paid or payable (or refundable) as determined by applying the provisions of enacted federal tax law to the domestic taxable Income or Loss from continuing operations.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 9 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32639-109319Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Paragraph h -Article 4Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 6 -Section I -Paragraph Question 1-7Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 45 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 289 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Current Tax Expense (or Benefit) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6509736Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(h)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6881521&loc=d3e23780-122690Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 6.I.7) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6889476&loc=d3e330036-122817
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The component of income tax expense for the period representing amounts paid or payable (or refundable) as determined by applying the provisions of foreign enacted tax law to the foreign taxable Income or Loss from continuing operations.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(h)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6881521&loc=d3e23780-122690Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 45 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Paragraph h -Article 4Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 9 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32639-109319
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_CurrentForeignTaxExpenseBenefit


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The component of income tax expense for the period representing amounts of income taxes paid or payable (or refundable) for the period for all income tax obligations as determined by applying the provisions of relevant enacted tax laws to relevant amounts of taxable Income or Loss from continuing operations.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 289 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 45 -Subparagraph a -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(h)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6881521&loc=d3e23780-122690Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Paragraph h -Article 4Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 6 -Section I -Subsection 7Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 6.I.7) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6889476&loc=d3e330036-122817Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Current Tax Expense (or Benefit) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6509736Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 9 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32639-109319
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Details


 Name:
us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitAbstract


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The component of income tax expense for the period representing amounts paid or payable (or refundable) as determined by applying the provisions of enacted state and local tax law to relevant amounts of taxable Income or Loss from continuing operations.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 289 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Paragraph h -Article 4Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(h)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6881521&loc=d3e23780-122690Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 45 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 6 -Section I -Subsection 7Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 6.I.7) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6889476&loc=d3e330036-122817Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Current Tax Expense (or Benefit) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6509736Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 9 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32639-109319
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_CurrentStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The net amount of deferred income taxes and income tax credits less the tax benefit from exercise of stock options.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 28 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6943989&loc=d3e3602-108585Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 20 -Section 55 -Paragraph 24 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6576910&loc=d3e11374-113907
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxesAndTaxCredits


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Details


 Name:
us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxesAndTaxCreditsAbstract


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The sum of the current income tax expense or benefit and the deferred income tax expense or benefit pertaining to continuing operations.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Income Tax Expense (or Benefit) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6515339Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 9 -Subparagraph (a),(b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32639-109319Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Paragraph h -Article 4Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 45 -Subparagraph a, b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(h)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6881521&loc=d3e23780-122690
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
duration













XML
124
R86.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


Income Before Income Taxes (Detail) (USD $)In Millions

12 Months Ended



Jun. 30, 2011


Jun. 30, 2010


Jun. 30, 2009



Schedule of Components of Income Before Income Tax Expense (Benefit) [Line Items]
 
 
 


U.S.
$ 8,862
$ 9,575
$ 5,529


International
19,209
15,438
14,292


Income before income taxes
$ 28,071
$ 25,013
$ 19,821





X



- Definition
Schedule of Components of Income Before Income Tax Expense (Benefit) [Line Items]
+ Details


 Name:
msft_ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeBeforeIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitLineItems


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The portion of earnings or loss from continuing operations before income taxes that is attributable to domestic operations.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 4 -Section 08 -Paragraph h -Subparagraph 1(i)Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(h)(1)(i)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6881521&loc=d3e23780-122690
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesDomestic


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The portion of earnings or loss from continuing operations before income taxes that is attributable to foreign operations, which is defined as Income or Loss generated from operations located outside the entity's country of domicile.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 4 -Section 08 -Paragraph h -Subparagraph 1(i)Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(h)(1)(i)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6881521&loc=d3e23780-122690
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesForeign


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Sum of operating profit and nonoperating income or expense before Income or Loss from equity method investments, income taxes, extraordinary items, and noncontrolling interest.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 4 -Section 08 -Paragraph h -Subparagraph 1(i)Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(h)(1)(i)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6881521&loc=d3e23780-122690
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
duration













XML
125
R87.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


Difference Between Income Taxes Computed at the Federal Statutory Rate and the Provision for Income Taxes (Detail)

3 Months Ended
12 Months Ended



Jun. 30, 2011


Jun. 30, 2011


Jun. 30, 2010


Jun. 30, 2009



Reconciliation of Statutory Federal Tax Rate [Line Items]
 
 
 
 


Federal statutory rate
 
35.00%
35.00%
35.00%


Effect of:
 
 
 
 


Foreign earnings taxed at lower rates
 
(15.60%)
(12.10%)
(9.30%)


Internal Revenue Service settlement
 
(1.70%)
0.00%
0.00%


Other reconciling items, net
 
(0.20%)
2.10%
0.80%


Effective rate
7.00%
17.50%
25.00%
26.50%





X



- Definition
Reconciliation of Statutory Federal Tax Rate [Line Items]
+ Details


 Name:
msft_ReconciliationOfStatutoryFederalTaxRateLineItems


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
A ratio calculated by dividing the reported amount of income tax expense attributable to continuing operations for the period by GAAP-basis pretax income from continuing operations.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 12 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32687-109319Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(h)(2)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6881521&loc=d3e23780-122690Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 47 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Paragraph h -Subparagraph 2 -Article 4Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 13 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32698-109319
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
num:percentItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Details


 Name:
us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperationsTaxRateReconciliationAbstract


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The domestic federal statutory tax rate applicable under enacted tax laws to the Company's pretax income from continuing operations for the period. The "statutory" tax rate is the regular tax rate if there are alternative tax systems.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 6.I) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6889476&loc=d3e330036-122817Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 47 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 13 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32698-109319Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 12 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32687-109319
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
num:percentItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The portion of the difference between the effective income tax rate and domestic federal statutory income tax rate that can be explained by the difference between statutory income tax rates in foreign jurisdictions and the domestic federal statutory income tax rate recorded during the period.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 13 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32698-109319Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 12 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32687-109319Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 6.I) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6889476&loc=d3e330036-122817
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationForeignIncomeTaxRateDifferential


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
num:percentItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The portion of the difference between the effective income tax rate and domestic federal statutory income tax rate attributable to all other items not otherwise listed in the existing taxonomy.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 13 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32698-109319Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 12 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32687-109319Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 6.I) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6889476&loc=d3e330036-122817
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationOtherAdjustments


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
num:percentItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The portion of the difference between the effective income tax rate and domestic federal statutory income tax rate attributable to domestic income tax settlements during the period.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 13 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32698-109319Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 12 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32687-109319Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 6.I) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6889476&loc=d3e330036-122817
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTaxSettlementsDomestic


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
num:percentItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration













XML
126
R88.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


Deferred Income Tax Assets and Liabilities (Detail) (USD $)In Millions


Jun. 30, 2011


Jun. 30, 2010



Deferred Income Tax Assets
 
 


Stock-based compensation expense
$ 1,079
$ 1,329


Other expense items
1,411
1,696


Unearned revenue
463
556


Impaired investments
424
289


Other revenue items
69
80


Deferred income tax assets
3,446
3,950


Deferred Income Tax Liabilities
 
 


International earnings
(1,266)
(1,056)


Unrealized gain on investments
(904)
(674)


Other
(265)
(265)


Deferred income tax liabilities
(2,435)
(1,995)


Net deferred income tax assets
1,011
1,955


Reported As
 
 


Current deferred income tax assets
2,467
2,184


Long-term deferred income tax liabilities
(1,456)
(229)


Net deferred income tax assets
$ 1,011
$ 1,955





X



- Definition
The tax effect as of the balance sheet date of the amount of the estimated future tax deductions attributable to income recognized only for tax purposes and which will reverse when recognized under generally accepted accounting principles.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 6 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32621-109319Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 25 -Paragraph 20 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6969291&loc=d3e28680-109314Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 43 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 11 -Subparagraph c -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 8 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32632-109319
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsDeferredIncome


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
For entities that net deferred tax assets and tax liabilities, represents the unclassified net amount of deferred tax assets and liabilities as of the balance sheet date, which result from applying the applicable enacted tax rate to net temporary differences and carryforwards pertaining to assets or liabilities. A temporary difference is a difference between the tax basis of an asset or liability and its carrying amount in the financial statements prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles that will reverse in ensuing periods.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 42, 43 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32537-109319
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNet


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Details


 Name:
us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNetAbstract


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
For entities that net deferred tax assets and tax liabilities, represents the net amount of deferred tax assets (after reduction for valuation allowance) and liabilities as of the balance sheet date, which result from applying the applicable enacted tax rate to net temporary differences and carryforwards pertaining to assets or liabilities that are classified as current in the financial statements, or that are expected to reverse in the next twelve months (or normal operating cycle, if longer). A temporary difference is a difference between the tax basis of an asset or liability and its carrying amount in the financial statements prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles that will reverse in ensuing periods. In a classified statement of financial position, an enterprise separates deferred tax liabilities and assets into a current amount and a noncurrent amount. Deferred tax liabilities and assets are classified as current or noncurrent based on the classification of the related asset or liability for financial reporting. A deferred tax liability or asset that is not related to an asset or liability for financial reporting, including deferred tax assets related to carryforwards, are classified according to the expected reversal date of the temporary difference.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32537-109319Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 41, 42, 43 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907571&loc=d3e31917-109318Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 6 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907571&loc=d3e31931-109318
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNetCurrent


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
For entities that net deferred tax assets and tax liabilities, represents the net amount of deferred tax assets (after reduction for valuation allowance) and liabilities as of the balance sheet date, which result from applying the applicable enacted tax rate to net temporary differences and carryforwards pertaining to assets or liabilities that are classified as noncurrent in the financial statements, or that are expected to reverse after the next twelve months (or beyond the normal operating cycle, if longer). A temporary difference is a difference between the tax basis of an asset or liability and its carrying amount in the financial statements prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles that will reverse in ensuing periods. In a classified statement of financial position, an enterprise separates deferred tax liabilities and assets into a current amount and a noncurrent amount. Deferred tax liabilities and assets are classified as current or noncurrent based on the classification of the related asset or liability for financial reporting. A deferred tax liability or asset that is not related to an asset or liability for financial reporting, including deferred tax assets related to carryforwards, are classified according to the expected reversal date of the temporary difference.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32537-109319Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 41, 42, 43 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907571&loc=d3e31917-109318Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 6 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907571&loc=d3e31931-109318
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNetNoncurrent


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
The aggregate tax effects as of the balance sheet date of all future tax deductions arising from temporary differences between tax basis and generally accepted accounting principles basis recognition of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, which can only be deducted for tax purposes when permitted under enacted tax laws; net of deducting the allocated valuation allowance, if any, to reduce such amount to net realizable value.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 43 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (b),(c) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32537-109319
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNet


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Details


 Name:
us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetAbstract


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The tax effect as of the balance sheet date of the amount of estimated future tax deductions arising from other temporary differences not otherwise specified in the taxonomy.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 25 -Paragraph 20 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6969291&loc=d3e28680-109314Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 43 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 8 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32632-109319Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 6 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32621-109319
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOther


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
The tax effect as of the balance sheet date of the amount of the estimated future tax deductions arising from equity-based compensation costs, which can only be deducted for tax purposes when actual costs are incurred, and which can only be realized if sufficient tax-basis income is generated in future periods to enable the deduction to be taken.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 6 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32621-109319Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 25 -Paragraph 20 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6969291&loc=d3e28680-109314Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 43 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 11 -Subparagraph b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 8 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32632-109319
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsShareBasedCompensationCost


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
The tax effect as of the balance sheet date of the amount of the estimated future tax deductions arising from other provisions, reserves, allowances, and liabilities, which are not otherwise reflected in deferred taxes in the taxonomy, which can only be deducted for tax purposes when relevant losses are realized or actual obligations are incurred, and which can only be realized if sufficient tax-basis income is generated in future periods to enable the deduction to be taken.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 6 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32621-109319Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Deferred Tax Asset -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6510090Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 11 -Subparagraph b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 25 -Paragraph 20 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6969291&loc=d3e28680-109314Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 43, 289 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 8 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32632-109319
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseOther


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
The tax effect as of the balance sheet date of the amount of the amount of the estimated future tax deductions arising from estimated impairment losses, which can only be deducted for tax purposes when impaired assets are sold or otherwise disposed of, and which can only be realized if sufficient tax-basis income is generated in future periods to enable the deduction to be taken.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 6 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32621-109319Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 25 -Paragraph 20 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6969291&loc=d3e28680-109314Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 43 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 11 -Subparagraph b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 8 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32632-109319
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseReservesAndAccrualsImpairmentLosses


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
The cumulative amount of all deferred tax liabilities, which result from applying the applicable tax rate to net taxable temporary differences pertaining to each jurisdiction to which the entity is obligated to pay income tax. A taxable temporary difference is a difference between the tax basis and the carrying amount of an asset or liability in the financial statements prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles that will result in taxable amounts in one or more future periods.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 42, 43 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32537-109319Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 6 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907571&loc=d3e31931-109318
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilities


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Details


 Name:
us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesAbstract


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The cumulative amount of the estimated future tax effects attributable to other temporary differences not otherwise specified in this taxonomy that were expensed for tax purposes but capitalized in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles, or which were recognized as revenue under GAAP but not for tax purposes, which will reverse in future periods.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 6 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32621-109319Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 25 -Paragraph 20 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6969291&loc=d3e28680-109314Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 43 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 11 -Subparagraph a, d, e -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 8 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32632-109319
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesOther


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
The amount as of the balance sheet date of the estimated future tax effects arising from unrealized gain on items included in other comprehensive income which will increase future taxable income when such gain is realized.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 20 -Section 45 -Paragraph 11 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6909487&loc=d3e39076-109324Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 8 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32632-109319Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 36 -Subparagraph b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 6 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32621-109319Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 43 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 11 -Subparagraph a -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 25 -Paragraph 20 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6969291&loc=d3e28680-109314
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesOtherComprehensiveIncome


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
The amount as of the balance sheet date of the estimated future tax effects attributable to undistributed earnings of subsidiaries and other recognized entities in countries outside the country of domicile which will increase future taxable income when such earnings are distributed into the country of domicile.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 6 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32621-109319Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 25 -Paragraph 20 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6969291&loc=d3e28680-109314Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 43 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 11 -Subparagraph a -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 8 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32632-109319
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesUndistributedForeignEarnings


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
instant













XML
127
R89.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


Income Taxes - Additional Information (Detail) (USD $)

12 Months Ended

3 Months Ended
12 Months Ended



Jun. 30, 2011


Jun. 30, 2010


Jun. 30, 2009


Jun. 30, 2008


Mar. 31, 2011

Internal Revenue Service (IRS)


Jun. 30, 2011

Internal Revenue Service (IRS)



Income Taxes [Line Items]
 
 
 
 
 
 


Temporary differences resulting from earnings for certain non-U.S. subsidiaries which are permanently reinvested outside the United States
$ 44,800,000,000
 
 
 
 
 


Unrecognized tax liablility on temporary differences resulting from earnings for certain non-U.S. subsidiaries which are permanently reinvested outside the United States
14,200,000,000
 
 
 
 
 


Income taxes paid
5,300,000,000
4,100,000,000
6,600,000,000
 
 
 


Unrecognized tax benefits
6,935,000,000
6,542,000,000
5,403,000,000
3,195,000,000
 
 


Unrecognized tax benefits, if recognized would affect our effective tax rate
5,900,000,000
5,600,000,000
 
 
 
 


Interest related to unrecognized tax benefits
38,000,000
193,000,000
230,000,000
 
 
 


Accrued interest related to uncertain tax positions net of federal income tax benefits
785,000,000
747,000,000
554,000,000
 
 
 


Tax years under audit
 
 
 
 
 
2004 to 2006


Tax years subject to examination
 
 
 
 
 
2007 to 2010


Reduction of income tax expense due to settlement of prior year audit
 
 
 
 
$ (461,000,000)
 





X



- Definition
Income Taxes [Line Items]
+ Details


 Name:
msft_IncomeTaxesLineItems


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The amount of the deferred tax liability which was not recognized because of the exceptions to comprehensive recognition of deferred taxes.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 740 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (c) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6487024&loc=d3e29054-158556Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 30 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (c) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6424122&loc=d3e41874-109331Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 44 -Subparagraph c, d -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 942 -SubTopic 740 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (c) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6479915&loc=d3e66715-112838Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 995 -SubTopic 740 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (c) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6503627&loc=d3e59836-110443
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilityNotRecognizedAmountOfUnrecognizedDeferredTaxLiability


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
The cumulative amount of the temporary difference for which a deferred tax liability has not been provided because of the exceptions to comprehensive recognition of deferred taxes.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 942 -SubTopic 740 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6479915&loc=d3e66715-112838Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 995 -SubTopic 740 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6503627&loc=d3e59836-110443Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 44 -Subparagraph b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 30 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6424122&loc=d3e41874-109331Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 740 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6487024&loc=d3e29054-158556
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilityNotRecognizedCumulativeAmountOfTemporaryDifference


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
The amount of cash paid during the current period to foreign, federal, state, and local authorities as taxes on income, net of any cash received during the current period as refunds for the overpayment of taxes.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 29 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 27 -Subparagraph f -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367179&loc=d3e4297-108586
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaidNet


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The tax year(s) being audited in connection with the income tax examination.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 15 -Subparagraph (d)(2) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32718-109319
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_IncomeTaxExaminationYearSUnderExamination


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Identification, by major jurisdiction, of tax years that remain open to examination under enacted tax laws.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name FASB Interpretation (FIN) -Number 48 -Paragraph 21 -Subparagraph e -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 15 -Subparagraph (e) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32718-109319
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_OpenTaxYearsByMajorTaxJurisdiction


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Reflects the effects of adjustments of previously recorded tax expense, significant settlements of income tax disputes, and unusual tax positions or infrequent actions taken by the entity, including tax assessment reversal, IRS tax settlement and unusual repatriation of foreign earnings.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name FASB Interpretation (FIN) -Number 48 -Paragraph 10 -Subparagraph b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name FASB Interpretation (FIN) -Number 48 -Paragraph 10A, 10B, 10C -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 15 -Subparagraph (a)(3) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32718-109319
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_TaxAdjustmentsSettlementsAndUnusualProvisions


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The gross amount of unrecognized tax benefits pertaining to uncertain tax positions taken in tax returns as of the balance sheet date.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name FASB Interpretation (FIN) -Number 48 -Paragraph 21 -Subparagraph a -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Unrecognized Tax Benefit -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6527854Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 15A -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=SL6600010-109319
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
This element represents the total of accruals as of the date of the statement of financial position for interest recognized for an underpayment of income taxes computed by applying the applicable statutory rate of interest to the difference between a tax position recognized for financial reporting purposes and the amount previously taken or expected to be taken in a tax return of the entity and the amount of statutory penalties for a tax position claimed or expected to be claimed by the entity, in its tax return, that does not meet the minimum statutory threshold to avoid payment of penalties.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name FASB Interpretation (FIN) -Number 48 -Paragraph 21 -Subparagraph c -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name FASB Interpretation (FIN) -Number 48 -Paragraph 15, 16 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 15 -Subparagraph (c) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32718-109319
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncomeTaxPenaltiesAndInterestAccrued


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
This element represents the total of interest expense recognized for an underpayment of income taxes computed by applying the applicable statutory rate of interest to the difference between a tax position recognized for financial reporting purposes and the amount previously taken or expected to be taken in a tax return of the entity and the amount of statutory penalties in the period in which the entity claims or expects to claim a tax position, in its tax return, that does not meet the minimum statutory threshold to avoid payment of penalties.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name FASB Interpretation (FIN) -Number 48 -Paragraph 21 -Subparagraph c -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name FASB Interpretation (FIN) -Number 48 -Paragraph 15, 16 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 15 -Subparagraph (c) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32718-109319
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncomeTaxPenaltiesAndInterestExpense


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The total amount of unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would affect the effective tax rate.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name FASB Interpretation (FIN) -Number 48 -Paragraph 21 -Subparagraph b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 15A -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=SL6600010-109319
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsThatWouldImpactEffectiveTaxRate


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
instant













XML
128
R9.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE)

12 Months Ended



Jun. 30, 2011



OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE)


NOTE 3 — OTHER
INCOME (EXPENSE)

The components of other
income (expense) were as follows:

 


















(In millions)
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 















Year Ended June 30,
  
2011
 
 
2010
 
 
2009
 









Dividends and interest
income

  
$
900
  
 
$
843
  
 
$
   744
  



Interest expense

  
 
   (295
) 
 
 
   (151
) 
 
 
(38
) 



Net recognized gains (losses) on
investments

  
 
439
  
 
 
348
  
 
 
(125
) 



Net losses on derivatives

  
 
(77
) 
 
 
(140
) 
 
 
(558
) 



Net gains (losses) on foreign
currency remeasurements

  
 
(26
) 
 
 
1
  
 
 
(509
) 



Other

  
 
(31
) 
 
 
14
  
 
 
(56
) 






 






 









Total

  
$
910
  
 
$
915
  
 
$
(542
) 


 
  






 






 









 

Following are details of
net recognized gains (losses) on investments during the periods
reported:

 


















(In millions)
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 















Year Ended June 30,
  
2011
 
 
2010
 
 
2009
 









Other-than-temporary impairments of
investments

  
$
(80
) 
 
$
(69
) 
 
$
(862
) 



Realized gains from sales of
available-for-sale securities

  
 
734
  
 
 
605
  
 
 
  1,634
  



Realized losses from sales of
available-for-sale securities

  
 
   (215
) 
 
 
   (188
) 
 
 
(897
) 






 






 









Total

  
$
439
  
 
$
348
  
 
$
(125
) 


 
  






 






 













X



- Definition
The entire disclosure for other income or other expense items (both operating and nonoperating). Sources of nonoperating income or nonoperating expense that may be disclosed, include amounts earned from dividends, interest on securities, profits (losses) on securities, net and miscellaneous other income or income deductions.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 5 -Section 03 -Paragraph 3, 6, 7, 9Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.3,6,7,9) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6880815&loc=d3e20235-122688
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_OtherIncomeAndOtherExpenseDisclosureTextBlock


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
nonnum:textBlockItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration













XML
129
R90.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


Changes in Unrecognized Tax Benefits (Detail) (USD $)In Millions

12 Months Ended



Jun. 30, 2011


Jun. 30, 2010


Jun. 30, 2009



Income Tax Contingency [Line Items]
 
 
 


Balance, beginning of year
$ 6,542
$ 5,403
$ 3,195


Decreases related to settlements
(632)
(57)
(82)


Increases for tax positions related to the current year
739
1,012
2,203


Increases for tax positions related to prior years
405
364
239


Decreases for tax positions related to prior years
(119)
(166)
(132)


Decreases due to lapsed statute of limitations
0
(14)
(20)


Balance, end of year
$ 6,935
$ 6,542
$ 5,403





X



- Definition
Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_IncomeTaxContingencyLineItems


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The gross amount of unrecognized tax benefits pertaining to uncertain tax positions taken in tax returns as of the balance sheet date.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name FASB Interpretation (FIN) -Number 48 -Paragraph 21 -Subparagraph a -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Unrecognized Tax Benefit -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6527854Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 15A -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=SL6600010-109319
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
The gross amount of decreases in unrecognized tax benefits resulting from tax positions taken in prior period tax returns, excluding amounts pertaining to examined tax returns.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name FASB Interpretation (FIN) -Number 48 -Paragraph 21 -Subparagraph a(1) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 15A -Subparagraph (a)(1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=SL6600010-109319
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDecreasesResultingFromPriorPeriodTaxPositions


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The gross amount of decreases in unrecognized tax benefits resulting from settlements with taxing authorities.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name FASB Interpretation (FIN) -Number 48 -Paragraph 21 -Subparagraph a(3) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 15A -Subparagraph (a)(3) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=SL6600010-109319
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDecreasesResultingFromSettlementsWithTaxingAuthorities


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The gross amount of increases in unrecognized tax benefits resulting from tax positions that have been or will be taken in the tax return for the current period, excluding amounts pertaining to examined tax returns.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name FASB Interpretation (FIN) -Number 48 -Paragraph 21 -Subparagraph a(2) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 15A -Subparagraph (a)(2) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=SL6600010-109319
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromCurrentPeriodTaxPositions


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The gross amount of increases in unrecognized tax benefits resulting from tax positions taken in prior period tax returns, excluding amounts pertaining to examined tax returns.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name FASB Interpretation (FIN) -Number 48 -Paragraph 21 -Subparagraph a(1) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 15A -Subparagraph (a)(1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=SL6600010-109319
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromPriorPeriodTaxPositions


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The gross amount of decreases in unrecognized tax benefits resulting from lapses of the applicable statutes of limitations.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name FASB Interpretation (FIN) -Number 48 -Paragraph 21 -Subparagraph a(4) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 15A -Subparagraph (a)(4) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=SL6600010-109319
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsReductionsResultingFromLapseOfApplicableStatuteOfLimitations


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
duration













XML
130
R91.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


Components of Unearned Revenue (Detail) (USD $)In Millions


Jun. 30, 2011


Jun. 30, 2010



Deferred Revenue Arrangement [Line Items]
 
 


Unearned revenue
$ 17,120
$ 14,830



Volume Licensing Programs

 
 


Deferred Revenue Arrangement [Line Items]
 
 


Unearned revenue
14,625
12,180



Other

 
 


Deferred Revenue Arrangement [Line Items]
 
 


Unearned revenue
$ 2,495
$ 2,650





X



- Definition
Amount of deferred revenue as of balance sheet date. Deferred revenue represents collections of cash or other assets related to a revenue producing activity for which revenue has not yet been recognized. Generally, an entity records deferred revenue when it receives consideration from a customer before achieving certain criteria that must be met for revenue to be recognized in conformity with GAAP.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 13 -Section AReference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 605 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 13.A.4(a).Q1 Response) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6600647&loc=d3e214044-122780
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_DeferredRevenue


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_DeferredRevenueArrangementLineItems


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration













XML
131
R92.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


Unearned Revenue by Segment (Detail) (USD $)In Millions


Jun. 30, 2011


Jun. 30, 2010



Revenue Recognition, Multiple-deliverable Arrangements [Line Items]
 
 


Unearned revenue
$ 17,120
$ 14,830



Windows & Windows Live Division

 
 


Revenue Recognition, Multiple-deliverable Arrangements [Line Items]
 
 


Unearned revenue
1,782
1,701



Server and Tools

 
 


Revenue Recognition, Multiple-deliverable Arrangements [Line Items]
 
 


Unearned revenue
6,552
5,282



Microsoft Business Division

 
 


Revenue Recognition, Multiple-deliverable Arrangements [Line Items]
 
 


Unearned revenue
7,950
7,004



Other segments

 
 


Revenue Recognition, Multiple-deliverable Arrangements [Line Items]
 
 


Unearned revenue
$ 836
$ 843





X



- Definition
Amount of deferred revenue as of balance sheet date. Deferred revenue represents collections of cash or other assets related to a revenue producing activity for which revenue has not yet been recognized. Generally, an entity records deferred revenue when it receives consideration from a customer before achieving certain criteria that must be met for revenue to be recognized in conformity with GAAP.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 13 -Section AReference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 605 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 13.A.4(a).Q1 Response) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6600647&loc=d3e214044-122780
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_DeferredRevenue


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_RevenueRecognitionMultipleDeliverableArrangementsLineItems


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration













XML
132
R93.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


Other Long-Term Liabilities (Detail) (USD $)In Millions


Jun. 30, 2011


Jun. 30, 2010



Other Liabilities [Line Items]
 
 


Tax contingencies and other tax liabilities
$ 7,381
$ 6,887


Legal contingencies
276
236


Other
415
322


Total
$ 8,072
$ 7,445





X



- Definition
Other Liabilities [Line Items]
+ Details


 Name:
msft_OtherLiabilitiesLineItems


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of the unpaid sum of the known and estimated amounts payable to satisfy all domestic and foreign income tax obligations due beyond one year or the operating cycle, whichever is longer. Alternate captions include income taxes payable, noncurrent.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 9 -Section 03 -Paragraph 15Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.24) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 24 -Article 5Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name FASB Interpretation (FIN) -Number 48 -Paragraph 15, 21 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 7 -Section 03 -Paragraph 15 -Subparagraph b(1)
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_AccruedIncomeTaxesNoncurrent


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
Carrying amount of estimated litigation liability for known or estimated probable loss from litigation, which may include attorneys' fees and other litigation costs, which is expected to be paid after one year or beyond the normal operating cycle, if longer.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.25) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 25 -Article 5Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 5 -Paragraph 9, 35 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 450 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6952336&loc=d3e14326-108349
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_LitigationReserveNoncurrent


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
The noncurrent portion (due beyond one year or one operating cycle) of other accrued expenses (expenses incurred at the end of the reporting period but not yet paid) not otherwise defined in the taxonomy.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 24 -Article 5Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.24) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_OtherAccruedLiabilitiesNoncurrent


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
Aggregate carrying amount, as of the balance sheet date, of noncurrent obligations not separately disclosed in the balance sheet. Noncurrent liabilities are expected to be paid after one year (or the normal operating cycle, if longer).
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 24 -Article 5Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.24) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrent


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
instant













XML
133
R94.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


Commitments And Guarantees - Additional Information (Detail) (USD $)In Millions

12 Months Ended

1 Months Ended




Jun. 30, 2011


Jun. 30, 2010


Jun. 30, 2009


Jun. 30, 2011

Upper Limit

Revenue Per Search Guarantee


Dec. 31, 2009

Revenue Per Search Guarantee


Jun. 30, 2011

Building, Building Improvements and Leasehold Improvements



Guarantor Obligations [Line Items]
 
 
 
 
 
 


Committed for construction of new buildings, building improvements and leasehold improvements
 
 
 
 
 
$ 263


Rental expense for facilities operating leases
525
530
475
 
 
 


Agreement entry date




Dec.
        04,
         2009



Term of Yahoo! agreement
 
 
 
 
10 years
 


Yahoo! agreement becoming subject to termination provisions
 
 
 
 
after five years based on performance
 


Revenue per search guarantee term
 
 
 
 
P18M
 


Revenue per search guarantee calculation description
 
 
 
 
These guarantees are calculated, paid and trued-up periodically based on the cumulative reduction in revenue per search, if any, during the 18-month period from pre-implementation levels, except in the case of the U.S. and Canada where performance during each of the first two calendar quarters after implementation is independent and not cumulative.
 


Estimated total cost of the revenue per search guarantees
 
 
 
$ 150
 
 





X



- Definition
The date of entry for the associated agreement.
+ Details


 Name:
msft_AgreementEntryDate


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
xbrli:dateItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The term of the contract.
+ Details


 Name:
msft_ContractTerm


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
us-types:durationStringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Description of the term of the contract termination provisions.
+ Details


 Name:
msft_ContractTerminationProvisionTerm


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The estimated cost of the guarantee provided to the counterparty to the guarantee agreement.
+ Details


 Name:
msft_EstimatedCostOfGuarantee


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
Description of the calculation of the guarantee obligation.
+ Details


 Name:
msft_GuaranteeObligationsCalculation


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
This element represents the portion of the balance sheet assertion valued at fair value by the entity whether such amount is presented as a separate caption or as a parenthetical disclosure. Additionally, this element may be used in connection with the fair value disclosures required in the footnote disclosures to the financial statements. The element may be used in both the balance sheet and disclosure in the same submission. This item represents commitments outstanding as of the balance sheet date which obligate or represent potential claims against the assets of the Company relating to, for example, the extension of credit. Further, commitments generally represent off balance sheet arrangements that obligate the entity to deliver assets or services or enter into another obligation in the future.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.25) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 25 -Article 5Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 17 -Article 9Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 7 -Section 03 -Paragraph 19
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_CommitmentsFairValueDisclosure


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_GuaranteeObligationsLineItems


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Describe the approximate term of the guarantee or each group of similar guarantees.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name FASB Interpretation (FIN) -Number 45 -Paragraph 13 -Subparagraph a -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 460 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6851643&loc=d3e12069-110248
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_GuaranteeObligationsTerm


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Rental expense incurred for leased assets including furniture and equipment which has not been recognized in costs and expenses applicable to sales and revenues; for example, cost of goods sold or other operating costs and expenses.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_LeaseAndRentalExpense


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
duration













XML
134
R95.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


Future Minimum Rental Commitments Under Noncancellable Operating Leases (Detail) (Real Estate, USD $)In Millions


Jun. 30, 2011




Real Estate

 


Schedule of Operating Leases [Line Items]
 


Year Ending June 30, 2012
$ 481


Year Ending June 30, 2013
396


Year Ending June 30, 2014
319


Year Ending June 30, 2015
249


Year Ending June 30, 2016
163


Year Ending June 30, 2017 and thereafter
344


Total
$ 1,952





X



- Definition
Schedule of Operating Leases [Line Items]
+ Details


 Name:
msft_ScheduleOfOperatingLeasesLineItems


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The total of future contractually required payments on leases defined as operating.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 13 -Paragraph 122 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 13 -Paragraph 16 -Subparagraph b(i) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 840 -SubTopic 10 -Section 55 -Paragraph 40 -Subparagraph (Note 3) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6584154&loc=d3e38371-112697Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 840 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6453985&loc=d3e41502-112717
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
For leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable letter-terms in excess of one year, required rental payments due within one year of the balance sheet date relating to leases defined as operating.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 13 -Paragraph 122 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 13 -Paragraph 16 -Subparagraph b(i) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 840 -SubTopic 10 -Section 55 -Paragraph 40 -Subparagraph (Note 3) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6584154&loc=d3e38371-112697Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 840 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6453985&loc=d3e41502-112717
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
For leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable letter-terms in excess of one year, required rental payments due within the fifth year of the balance sheet date relating to leases defined as operating.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 13 -Paragraph 122 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 13 -Paragraph 16 -Subparagraph b(i) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 840 -SubTopic 10 -Section 55 -Paragraph 40 -Subparagraph (Note 3) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6584154&loc=d3e38371-112697Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 840 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6453985&loc=d3e41502-112717
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFiveYears


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
For leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable letter-terms in excess of one year, required rental payments due within the fourth year of the balance sheet date relating to leases defined as operating.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 13 -Paragraph 122 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 13 -Paragraph 16 -Subparagraph b(i) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 840 -SubTopic 10 -Section 55 -Paragraph 40 -Subparagraph (Note 3) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6584154&loc=d3e38371-112697Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 840 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6453985&loc=d3e41502-112717
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFourYears


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
For leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable letter-terms in excess of one year, required rental payments due within the third year of the balance sheet date relating to leases defined as operating.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 13 -Paragraph 122 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 13 -Paragraph 16 -Subparagraph b(i) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 840 -SubTopic 10 -Section 55 -Paragraph 40 -Subparagraph (Note 3) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6584154&loc=d3e38371-112697Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 840 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6453985&loc=d3e41502-112717
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
For leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable letter-terms in excess of one year, required rental payments due within the second year of the balance sheet date relating to leases defined as operating.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 13 -Paragraph 122 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 13 -Paragraph 16 -Subparagraph b(i) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 840 -SubTopic 10 -Section 55 -Paragraph 40 -Subparagraph (Note 3) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6584154&loc=d3e38371-112697Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 840 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6453985&loc=d3e41502-112717
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
For leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable letter-terms in excess of one year, required rental payments due after the fifth year from the balance sheet date on leases defined as operating.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 13 -Paragraph 122 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 13 -Paragraph 16 -Subparagraph b(i) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 840 -SubTopic 10 -Section 55 -Paragraph 40 -Subparagraph (Note 3) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6584154&loc=d3e38371-112697Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 840 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6453985&loc=d3e41502-112717
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueThereafter


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
instant













XML
135
R96.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


Product Warranty Liabilities (Detail) (USD $)In Millions

12 Months Ended



Jun. 30, 2011


Jun. 30, 2010



Product Liability Contingency [Line Items]
 
 


Balance, beginning of year
$ 240
$ 342


Accruals for warranties issued
55
144


Adjustments to pre-existing warranties
0
(2)


Settlements of warranty claims
(123)
(244)


Balance, end of year
$ 172
$ 240





X



- Definition
Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_ProductLiabilityContingencyLineItems


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred through that date and payable for estimated claims under standard and extended warranty protection rights granted to customers.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 9 -Section 03 -Paragraph 15 -Subparagraph 5Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 5 -Paragraph 9, 10 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 942 -SubTopic 210 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-03.15(5)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 460 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 8 -Subparagraph ((c)(5)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6398077&loc=d3e12565-110249
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_ProductWarrantyAccrual


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
Represents the aggregate decrease in the liability related to payments to satisfy claims for standard and extended product warranties.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 460 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 8 -Subparagraph ((c)(2)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6398077&loc=d3e12565-110249
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_ProductWarrantyAccrualPayments


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Represents the aggregate Increase or Decrease in the liability during the reporting period for accruals related to preexisting standard and extended product warranties (including adjustments for changes in estimates).
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 460 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 8 -Subparagraph ((c)(4)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6398077&loc=d3e12565-110249
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_ProductWarrantyAccrualPreexistingIncreaseDecrease


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Represents the aggregate increase in the liability for accruals related to standard and extended product warranties issued during the reporting period.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 460 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 8 -Subparagraph ((c)(3)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6398077&loc=d3e12565-110249
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_ProductWarrantyAccrualWarrantiesIssued


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
duration













XML
136
R97.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


Contingencies - Additional Information (Detail) (USD $)

12 Months Ended
1 Months Ended
12 Months Ended

1 Months Ended

1 Months Ended
8 Months Ended





Jun. 30, 2011

Government Competition Law Matters


Jun. 30, 2011

Antitrust, Unfair Competition, And Overcharge Class Actions


Jun. 30, 2011

Antitrust, Unfair Competition, And Overcharge Class Actions

United States


Mar. 31, 2010

Antitrust, Unfair Competition, And Overcharge Class Actions

Canada


Jun. 30, 2011

Antitrust, Unfair Competition, And Overcharge Class Actions

Canada

LegalMatter


Jun. 30, 2011

Antitrust, Unfair Competition, And Overcharge Class Actions

Canada

Cases Stayed

LegalMatter


Jun. 30, 2005

Other Antitrust Litigation and Claims

Novell

LegalMatter


Nov. 30, 2004

Other Antitrust Litigation and Claims

Novell

LegalMatter


Jun. 30, 2008

Patent And Intellectual Property Claims

Alcatel-Lucent


Apr. 30, 2008

Patent And Intellectual Property Claims

Alcatel-Lucent


Dec. 31, 2008

Patent And Intellectual Property Claims

Alcatel-Lucent


Apr. 30, 2008

Patent And Intellectual Property Claims

Alcatel-Lucent

Video

LegalMatter


Apr. 30, 2008

Patent And Intellectual Property Claims

Alcatel-Lucent

User Interface

LegalMatter


Apr. 30, 2008

Patent And Intellectual Property Claims

Alcatel-Lucent

User Interface

Patent Infringements

LegalMatter


Apr. 30, 2009

Patent And Intellectual Property Claims

Uniloc


Aug. 31, 2009

Patent And Intellectual Property Claims

i4i


May 31, 2009

Patent And Intellectual Property Claims

i4i


Jun. 30, 2011

Patent And Intellectual Property Claims

Motorola, Plaintiff

LegalMatter


Jun. 30, 2011

Patent And Intellectual Property Claims

Motorola, Defendant

LegalMatter


Oct. 31, 2010

Patent And Intellectual Property Claims

Motorola, Defendant

LegalMatter


Jun. 30, 2011

Pending or Threatened Litigation

Patents

LegalMatter


Jun. 30, 2011

Contingencies Disclosed in Contingencies Note



Commitments and Contingencies Disclosure [Line Items]
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


Resolution description
Since 2001, we have been subject to a Consent Decree and Final Judgment ("Final  Judgments") that resolved lawsuits brought by the U.S. Department of Justice, 18  states, and the District of Columbia in two separate actions. The Final  Judgments imposed various constraints on our Windows operating system  businesses. The Final Judgments expired in May 2011.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


Dismissal description
 
We obtained dismissals of damages claims of indirect purchasers under federal law and in 15 states. Courts refused to certify classes in two additional states.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


Agreement description
 
We have reached agreements to settle all claims that have been made to date in 19 states and the District of Columbia.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


Maximum value of vouchers to be issued
 
 
$ 2,700,000,000
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


Total estimated cost of state overcharge class action cases, minimum
 
 
1,900,000,000
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


Total estimated cost of state overcharge class action cases, maximum
 
 
2,000,000,000
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


Accrual for loss contingency, ending balance
 
 
568,000,000
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


Settlement payments
 
 
1,300,000,000
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


Number of pending claims
 
 
 
 
3
2
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


Case classification
 
 
 
In March 2010, the court in the British Columbia case certified it as a class action.
On April 15, 2011, the British Columbia Court of Appeal reversed the class certification ruling and dismissed the case, holding that indirect purchasers do not have a claim. The plaintiffs have sought review by the Canadian Supreme Court.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


Number of claims dismissed
 
 
 
 
 
 
4
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


Number of claims filed
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
6
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1
1
 
 
 


Number of patents tried
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1
3
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


Unfavorable jury verdict - number of patents
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


Damages assessed
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
512,000,000
367,000,000
 
 
 
 
388,000,000
40,000,000
200,000,000
 
 
 
 
 


Interest on damages assessed
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
145,000,000
 
 
 
 
 
 
37,000,000
 
 
 
 
 
 


Remaining in dispute
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
500,000,000
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


Number of patents allegedly infringed
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
21
23
9
 
 


Other infringement cases pending
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
55
 


Accrual for disclosed loss contingencies, current, ending balance
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
693,000,000


Accrual for disclosed loss contingencies, noncurrent, ending balance
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
276,000,000


Amount not accrued for estimated maximum losses for disclosed loss contingencies
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
$ 800,000,000





X



- Definition
Commitments and Contingencies Disclosure [Line Items]
+ Details


 Name:
msft_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureLineItems


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Damages assessed against us through legal action, potentially comprising or including related interest.
+ Details


 Name:
msft_DamagesAssessed


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The number of infringement cases pending beyond those specifically disclosed.
+ Details


 Name:
msft_InfringementCasesAdditionalPending


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
xbrli:integerItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
Interest on damages assessed.
+ Details


 Name:
msft_InterestOnDamagesAssessed


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The number of claims dismissed.
+ Details


 Name:
msft_LossContingencyClaimsDismissedNumber


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
xbrli:integerItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The classification of the case by the court
+ Details


 Name:
msft_LossContingencyClassification


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The description of the dismissal
+ Details


 Name:
msft_LossContingencyDismissalDescription


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The maximum value of payments associated with the settlement of class action cases.
+ Details


 Name:
msft_LossContingencyRangeOfClassActionSettlementValueMaximum


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
Amount remaining in dispute for the legal matter.
+ Details


 Name:
msft_LossContingencyRemainingInDispute


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
The description of the resolution reached on the matter
+ Details


 Name:
msft_LossContingencyResolutionDescription


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The description of the agreement reached
+ Details


 Name:
msft_LossContingencySettlementAgreement


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Number of patents allegedly infringed
+ Details


 Name:
msft_NumberOfPatentsAllegedlyInfringedOn


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
xbrli:integerItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
Number of patents tried
+ Details


 Name:
msft_NumberOfPatentsTried


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
xbrli:integerItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The number of patents for which an unfavorable jury verdit was returned.
+ Details


 Name:
msft_NumberOfPatentsUnfavorableJuryVerdict


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
xbrli:integerItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of the combined total of loss contingency liabilities.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 5 -Paragraph 9, 10, 11, 12 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 450 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6952336&loc=d3e14326-108349
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_LossContingencyAccrualAtCarryingValue


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
The portion of the carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of the combined total of loss contingency liabilities which is expected to be resolved within one year or the normal operating cycle, if longer.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 5 -Paragraph 9, 10, 11, 12 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 450 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6952336&loc=d3e14326-108349
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_LossContingencyAccrualCarryingValueCurrent


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
The portion of the carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of the combined total of loss contingency liabilities which is expected to be resolved after one year or beyond the normal operating cycle, if longer.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 5 -Paragraph 9, 10, 11, 12 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 450 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6952336&loc=d3e14326-108349
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_LossContingencyAccrualCarryingValueNoncurrent


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
The total number of new claims filed pertaining to a loss contingency during the period.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 5 -Paragraph 9, 10, 11, 12 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_LossContingencyNewClaimsFiledNumber


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:integerItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The total amount of pending claims pertaining to a loss contingency accrual as of the balance sheet date.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 5 -Paragraph 9, 10, 11, 12 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_LossContingencyPendingClaimsNumber


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:integerItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
The estimated maximum amount of possible loss from the contingency.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 450 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 9 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6952336&loc=d3e14557-108349Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name FASB Interpretation (FIN) -Number 14 -Paragraph 3 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 5 -Paragraph 9, 10, 11, 12 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 450 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6952336&loc=d3e14435-108349
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_LossContingencyRangeOfPossibleLossMaximum


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
The estimated minimum amount of possible loss from the contingency.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 450 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 9 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6952336&loc=d3e14557-108349Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name FASB Interpretation (FIN) -Number 14 -Paragraph 3 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 5 -Paragraph 9, 10, 11, 12 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 450 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6952336&loc=d3e14435-108349
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_LossContingencyRangeOfPossibleLossMinimum


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
The difference between the maximum amount of estimated loss and the amount recorded as of the balance sheet date.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name FASB Interpretation (FIN) -Number 14 -Paragraph 3 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_LossContingencyRangeOfPossibleLossPortionNotAccrued


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
debit


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
The amount of cash paid for the settlement of litigation or for other legal issues during the period.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 27 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 25 -Subparagraph (g) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6943989&loc=d3e3536-108585
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_PaymentsForLegalSettlements


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
duration













XML
137
R98.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


Shares of Common Stock Outstanding (Detail)In Millions

3 Months Ended
12 Months Ended



Jun. 30, 2011


Mar. 31, 2011


Dec. 31, 2010


Sep. 30, 2010


Jun. 30, 2010


Mar. 31, 2010


Dec. 31, 2009


Sep. 30, 2009


Jun. 30, 2009


Mar. 31, 2009


Dec. 31, 2008


Sep. 30, 2008


Jun. 30, 2011


Jun. 30, 2010


Jun. 30, 2009



Capital Unit [Line Items]
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


Balance, beginning of year
 
 
 
8,668
 
 
 
8,908
 
 
 
9,151
8,668
8,908
9,151


Issued
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
155
140
75


Repurchased
(66)
(30)
(188)
(163)
(130)
(67)
(125)
(58)
0
0
(95)
(223)
(447)
(380)
(318)


Balance, end of year
8,376
 
 
 
8,668
 
 
 
8,908
 
 
 
8,376
8,668
8,908





X



- Definition
Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_CapitalUnitLineItems


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Total number of shares of common stock held by shareholders. May be all or portion of the number of common shares authorized. These shares represent the ownership interest of the common shareholders. Shares outstanding equals shares issued minus shares held in treasury and other adjustments, if any.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6959260&loc=d3e187085-122770Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21463-112644Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB) -Number 12 -Paragraph 10 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 30 -Article 5
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:sharesItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
instant









X



- Definition
Number of new stock issued during the period.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6959260&loc=d3e187085-122770Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21463-112644Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB) -Number 12 -Paragraph 10 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29, 30 -Article 5
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:sharesItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Number of shares that have been repurchased during the period and have not been retired and are not held in treasury. Some state laws may govern the circumstances under which an entity may acquire its own stock and prescribe the accounting treatment therefore. This element is used when state law does not recognize treasury stock.
+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29, 30 -Article 5Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21463-112644Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB) -Number 12 -Paragraph 10 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 43 -Chapter 1 -Section B -Paragraph 11A -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodShares


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:sharesItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration













XML
138
R99.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

﻿



v2.3.0.11


Stockholders' Equity - Additional Information (Detail) (USD $)In Billions

1 Months Ended
12 Months Ended



Sep. 22, 2008


Jun. 30, 2011



Stockholders Equity Note [Line Items]
 
 


Amount repurchased under the prior Board of Directors approved Share Repurchase Program
$ 40.0
 


Amount available for repurchase under the current share repurchase program approved by the company's Board of Directors
40.0
 


Unused amount of share repurchase program with an expiration date of September 30, 2013
 
$ 12.2





X



- Definition
Stockholders Equity Note [Line Items]
+ Details


 Name:
msft_StockholdersEquityNoteLineItems


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
Amount repurchased under the prior Board of Directors approved Share Repurchase Program.
+ Details


 Name:
msft_StockRepurchaseProgramUtilizedAmount


 Namespace Prefix:
msft


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The amount authorized by an entity's Board of Directors under a stock repurchase plan.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_StockRepurchaseProgramAuthorizedAmount


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
duration









X



- Definition
The remaining repurchase amount authorized by an entity's Board of Directors under a stock repurchase plan.
+ Details


 Name:
us-gaap_StockRepurchaseProgramRemainingAuthorizedRepurchaseAmount


 Namespace Prefix:
us-gaap


 Data Type:
xbrli:monetaryItemType


 Balance Type:
credit


 Period Type:
duration













XML
139
report.css
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */

/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}

..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}

..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}

..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}

..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}

..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}

..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}

/* Report Styles */
..pl a, .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}

/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica, Arial, san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}

..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}

/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}

..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica, Arial, san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}

..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	word-wrap: break-word;
}

..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
}

..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}

..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}

/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}

/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}

/* Even rows... */
..report .re, .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}

..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}

/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro, .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}

..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}

..report .rou table td, .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}

/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}

/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num, .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}

..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}

..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}

/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}

..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}

..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}

..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}

..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}

..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}

..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}



XML
140
Show.js
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software, Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.1.0.1
 *
 */

var moreDialog = null;
var Show = {
    Default:'raw',

    more:function( obj ){
        var bClosed = false;
        if( moreDialog != null )
        {
			try
			{
				bClosed = moreDialog.closed;
			}
			catch(e)
			{
				//Per article at http://support.microsoft.com/kb/244375 there is a problem with the WebBrowser control
				// that somtimes causes it to throw when checking the closed property on a child window that has been
				//closed.  So if the exception occurs we assume the window is closed and move on from there.
				bClosed = true;
			}

			if( !bClosed ){
				moreDialog.close();
			}
        }

        obj = obj.parentNode.getElementsByTagName( 'pre' )[0];
		var hasHtmlTag = false;
		var objHtml = '';
		var raw = '';

		//Check for raw HTML
		var nodes = obj.getElementsByTagName( '*' );
		if( nodes.length ){
			objHtml = obj.innerHTML;
		}else{
			if( obj.innerText ){
				raw = obj.innerText;
			}else{
				raw = obj.textContent;
			}

			var matches = raw.match( /<\/?[a-zA-Z]{1}\w*[^>]*>/g );
			if( matches && matches.length ){
				objHtml = raw;

				//If there is an html node it will be 1st or 2nd,
				//   but we can check a little further.
				var n = Math.min( 5, matches.length );
				for( var i = 0; i < n; i++ ){
					var el = matches[ i ].toString().toLowerCase();
					if( el.indexOf( '= 0 ){
						hasHtmlTag = true;
						break;
					}
				}
			}
		}

        if( objHtml.length ){
			var html = '';

			if( hasHtmlTag ){
				html = objHtml;
			}else{
				html = ''+
					"\n"+''+
					"\n"+'    Report Preview Details'+
					"\n"+'    '+
					"\n"+''+
					"\n"+''+
						objHtml +
					"\n"+''+
					"\n"+'';
			}

			moreDialog = window.open("","More","width=700,height=650,status=0,resizable=yes,menubar=no,toolbar=no,scrollbars=yes");
			moreDialog.document.write( html );
			moreDialog.document.close();

			if( !hasHtmlTag ){
				moreDialog.document.body.style.margin = '0.5em';
			}
        }
        else
        {
			//default view logic
			var lines = raw.split( "\n" );
			var longest = 0;

			if( lines.length > 0 ){
				for( var p = 0; p < lines.length; p++ ){
					longest = Math.max( longest, lines[p].length );
				}
			}

			//Decide on the default view
			this.Default = longest < 120 ? 'raw' : 'formatted';

			//Build formatted view
			var text = raw.split( "\n\n" ) >= raw.split( "\r\n\r\n" ) ? raw.split( "\n\n" ) : raw.split( "\r\n\r\n" ) ;
			var formatted = '';

			if( text.length > 0 ){
				if( text.length == 1 ){
					text = raw.split( "\n" ) >= raw.split( "\r\n" ) ? raw.split( "\n" ) : raw.split( "\r\n" ) ;
					formatted = ""+ text.join( "\n" ) +"";
				}else{
					for( var p = 0; p < text.length; p++ ){
						formatted += "" + text[p] + "\n";
					}
				}
			}else{
				formatted = '' + raw + '';
			}

			html = ''+
				"\n"+''+
				"\n"+'    Report Preview Details'+
				"\n"+'    '+
				"\n"+''+
				"\n"+''+
				"\n"+'    '+
				"\n"+'    '+
				"\n"+'        '+
				"\n"+'            formatted: '+ ( this.Default == 'raw' ? 'as Filed' : 'with Text Wrapped' ) +''+
				"\n"+'        '+
				"\n"+'    '+
				"\n"+'    '+
				"\n"+'        '+
				"\n"+'            '+formatted+''+
				"\n"+'        '+
				"\n"+'    '+
				"\n"+'    '+
				"\n"+'        '+
				"\n"+'            '+raw+''+
				"\n"+'        '+
				"\n"+'    '+
				"\n"+'    '+
				"\n"+''+
				"\n"+'';

			moreDialog = window.open("","More","width=700,height=650,status=0,resizable=yes,menubar=no,toolbar=no,scrollbars=yes");
			moreDialog.document.write(html);
			moreDialog.document.close();

			this.toggle( moreDialog );
        }

		moreDialog.document.title = 'Report Preview Details';
    },

    toggle:function( win, domLink ){
        var domId = this.Default;

        var doc = win.document;
        var domEl = doc.getElementById( domId );
        domEl.style.display = 'block';

        this.Default = domId == 'raw' ? 'formatted' : 'raw';

        if( domLink ){
            domLink.innerHTML = this.Default == 'raw' ? 'with Text Wrapped' : 'as Filed';
        }

        var domElOpposite = doc.getElementById( this.Default );
        domElOpposite.style.display = 'none';
    },

	LastAR : null,
	showAR : function ( link, id, win ){
		if( Show.LastAR ){
			Show.hideAR();
		}

		var ref = link;
		do {
			ref = ref.nextSibling;
		} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');

		if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
			var tmp = win ?
				win.document.getElementById(id) :
				document.getElementById(id);

			if( tmp ){
				ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
				ref.id = '';
				link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
			}
		}

		if( ref ){
			ref.style.display = 'block';
			Show.LastAR = ref;
		}
	},

	toggleNext : function( link ){
		var ref = link;

		do{
			ref = ref.nextSibling;
		}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );

		if( ref.style &&
			ref.style.display &&
			ref.style.display == 'none' ){
			ref.style.display = 'block';

			if( link.textContent ){
				link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+', '-' );
			}else{
				link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+', '-' );
			}
		}else{
			ref.style.display = 'none';

			if( link.textContent ){
				link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-', '+' );
			}else{
				link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-', '+' );
			}
		}
	},

	hideAR : function(){
		Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
	}
}



ZIP
141
0001193125-11-200680-xbrl.zip
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

begin 644 0001193125-11-200680-xbrl.zip
M4$L#!!0````(`'-W_#[.OL2DP(T"`%6Y-0`1`!P`;7-F="TR,#$Q,#8S,"YX
M;6Q55`D``YFQ,4Z9L3%.=7@+``$$)0X```0Y`0``[%U=<^.ZD7W?JOP'K9YV
MJR*;`+]==R8EVS,35SQCE^W)W,J+BQ8AF7LITB$I?^37+P!*LD10$D`2%"C?
MY&%\;5+J`W2?;C0:C=_^]CH->\\H28,X^M0'1UJ_AZ)1[`?1Y%-_E@Z\=!0$
M_5Z:>9'OA7&$/O7?4-K_V^>__-=O_ST8]+Z]*ZB,(A0[V+P'65)\-K[
M?81"E'@9_E5$7AVAWGD\FDU1E/VU]^"ER._%4>_WTYO+'CP"O=YCECV='!^_
MO+P<(7_B)8.8?N#1*)X>]P:#Q9?],Y?SI->SC@`\E!#8"!9@^@?0?!
MB::=0/BOU:?CI[-@/FS]_,D3\M=PR_/XJ_\@
MX[I\GOQB[?D7G3X-7-<]IG]=/!JDL0&!O4V8_(GE9Z=!V2?C1\'Q[]\O;T>/
M:.H-B@A&>(*RY&WY)OV*%(V.)O'S\?R/Q_D$@($.%J_Y*"A_!?^AY/$@>D9I
M5OY&_K>2EZ;I.%M#-`U&29S&XXPJ('E!LW1M\7@41]%L6CY>?I8<9V]/Z!@_
M-,!/H208+=_;_=+Z"]C\)I[WM'QI[*4/](7Y'TJ@X+^03TI+WZ%_*7F)".(7
MAGD^H]9Q_L>U1[/21\W\T:R/E;S7HVH>GJ14&6[0N$=U[H2(\*F?!M.GD&@&
M_9V7X-$.$9]VTS<>$S3^U"?3-EA,SM%KZE=0?GZ[.LYAD2\]^3&;/J#D:GR-
M62/*4FSL:(+\\.TB&B>8.)%_%?5&<92AU^R&2(KB\/[ZBV-"9X#_![#$@W]@
M:S'O;^_.[[5[C`'_7P?X1\-P7.%W+\M0TN_Y:!1,O1!/^<6/K_W/[F_'O#*N(#J=I9B\TG0X^O$
M_Y*]"<\>T/F@N?W/0'N'5D6VE5F[C-/T#$M*YC,:O=U@4PLB_!\7T7F0/LVP
M^Q7"H3D`;M!":!$MM*')@='J?R[.WDY!/83!Z&L8>YGP7%`,
MN^74^I^AYNBV9@`#V%C2TF]?UZ&S>#J-H]LL'OUQ^^@E*+V:930TPEA$QYJP
MUIJ<*?W$XE"ZP`1%==DF1D%@+WT<1C[YYPLVBFJ=:!_(P2-(HG4?`?Y-]YKZ!:Q8EWR#&
MNJQT8A[CT,?A*L$GRB<+,>\-$[J:^6H8.C0@G]`6=`QFO%F!)`N,'18$?`(/
MH&7BEP4E)AI"(W?LU^(7$F>F6*'FH79ZZH5TS5$5!-98'8^ZX5B\6FXR"+@D
M7`'/2F9>*!.!;L`B@G(AU@4MB3/R\&(15.0>
M@E#7M1<(QD""$HW$\=3+WY&/__QE/$:CK`T>,W!\5XW'ZF&2'X4)
M#8.EV58#05C.+K\"'^&P?13&Z2Q!5]$W%$\2[^DQ&`T3Y*67<32YQ,/F#],4
M$:7+W\+Q/\WQ7(W/XVF`ESA2`0-7MQC^;U;\2I8R?/:"T'L(T=?$ALR0A"_L['%BE81[VMJK/.I-2D0!@?82^>D%".?([
M'ET\XN3)7T'V^#.*'TB03VSD(GK"PK0S[TA!D-2<*=>&J1T-J3S
M/V176$V++V.Y+D9I!AO(;5VNT\Q4%=NYBS.Y:Q?\:W<9M]03LR1K?8.>XB0C
M\[M83MRB"9G^^M/SA,5B,M)F(2.]^?N;#/_O#0,:D"0Q\<.>3S=&8)8A=4-YM3,C4\S;UA
M`NABA"0_QKD/`-F\F%R_H]I0V3K@M"$FJOM@`V5`6\F!:FK54BV9KSO,.DUZ
M,K\HL%`R'SJ0\07[2.:[U9/Y!KOA5B&93W.;IZ34B:P\\+(C?Y^DGB=414_?
MWA^Y]M[(KX8O7N+/]WV_3)_"^`VAV]E#.DJ")ZJQGO"6[G(<;,NP3>+5#0-L
MB=A@_[-V!,R5R9.$H[#<7&05QG&2KF45\FWC63Q+23#OA224)PNWZSC/?U_B
M^/'NT8L`_(Z??$R'DTF")O@+R$,H!:+;QT*K3HM==DH#LCY@=$V;Q_D_,*?1
MY:OP5KE01LW4&+,H%:*IB5V,PU5"UC7X>UJ<6(=Q,O)PK(_7.4J"9YIV7KJU
MJ_'[+R\#[X%6ATB=:HN!SRM6$QDXR!3?@);!:N%.D8H3,$;8*$GN8VZF*#N3SQ40.$P0
ML$64%G?!!0U!,]DIJ+,-OK`30ALM3(,%#&:)R8I0W``/0K(52_<&,;3XF7KY
M]%N"44FU5\UAA-TJS$957X%(ITCN&)=PY49)&@H1KV@4M;IQ_@N18G/D#Y]1
MXDW0EU>4C((472>!:.2\'?[]$TKNV;U^2#8FCBRG@;!1#%NY#MR@9Q3-4`LF
M!G3+9%9HY6+L8.855<'<(55FEV6U'>(46`S',7DGR41BLT4$/"()3\D:8T3^8M>FG%)(
M_9-<"X>,ZLG`T'R]G*`C,YBU+$^]'/XEB9Q):@T%--763H@)=`TP,>8V8ZE+2(L<"BB-W[&ZR.'F3'"/8+!NL?C5OCH?&Z>]I$5(])SEQ
MP7@H(>%:K`4676:4K(UJU@('M+B%+*W>C^8(5R_M@O&:!B=1$'[J9]A6EZ?H
M2FJ!L1F',Q+N#WV?@O%"(O9%=.8]!<+U%H)+3^BPBB,@&\]*]"=>RZ19$CS,
M\%)F7G7TQ4O(*2BI?@AH+#1Q"4N2SRWG,ER603>((:OJO43@#57OEE6CZIUU
M:^V$!);#YE^VR5(64+6@"*9IL627*G]
M;)2E4"\0X*]`M+KL(L)Z.PFP2\W?7"3#:PV469N(1[.MXA&HDQ
M5MG<\8Z-(>BN3:V[%Q0^H_6-K:4.R?4#+$G)0;'=Y;7#R;;![@%MEJ20IM@POKI(UZ]86\K
M-8XVV3Q_N1#<%"N?/G0`'38'M4LB+K=X]^AEO^)92+;EO%&6*R_6=?R(>)62
M`"H'S\2BZF:W2]PAI?13>J(JIC$&5.&4'D=V>E&YAC]YGM5-R0@%"?)C;;$RULW11#LH!MMA;!>L
MO([C@C9&K'`"4+1\@.U442*".BT'!).`C@T8QW_0+0<$IY_=PI+>5QZ-2.PH,G8Z79Q=I?NRO7WBZ9]VVMV-^K@.<)S-\J/
M5N&?0S0O?5G-N&X<`+F5&"QC-B7WAJS$C??R'7]V$F`AI&J9O3DIL2I#(9<_
M2_!G8R;"2+X&K^0G^>6]F![9LZ";!-EA"M)K]IS=IE!2G[?B=3&@NN?P&B@W
MVB50T9;SNH'-&RG8)"0?VM`-=C'&*5:SIR!%L\2`74#L'.^-;JU0F;+GU"VG
M>-S[A=*I1B_9R=XES]::/*F\:#AL\YK"]Q=7E]@QD:!YV1I8<@$)FVXM$8%[
M^F57MP.V[=-V:;C/D92$IU(W[-F21S'A.&-AV:6$%JO?VV3AF0ZYQR/8MK_E
M4@AE!U0Y=E]#S?=$"L_-#*M??6TOZ"H;'-G,NE*#J5
M)[*#,M]PH&6Y[W'X9>Q%F,G:VZ`&;#<:<0%W>,W%+^3'5^;6PN@R:11KD2FX
M<0!*ZF9E-\EB>*KC8+-%%KLM.5KVL_,($4OX%M[OZ#:4&
MI(*J6$45^]MVCA!L%6%%RAM$
M3A2-B'])?L11?K%22#R(3Q*'^:SER=&69@"^+PYJ2%@;XK`%8VD,[;!H5/2S
M2+`PRU#R=R_Q7SRZB7,;CS/RH]2PS7K?2-HE1_N-GD6G9R6D;JS1\WO_A??:
MLSR\RSVQ_,/OIF&LH>*3:,VH,B_`5+(X?[BV7SL.1D&65X&JTBEJ`"SK/4J0
M!D%B-^\2O(UT\UZ[O9'<]C>O"$P7'T`U'ON0VSBL[[QR\V&$U@NW2.Z2HZ%R
MO@61+EK.Y9EZ4A\ZKY;#%$Q(%OEUROSN#0/8T*5ML4UG9X:1S<:WAJ_U82VT
MCOI&^IB<8V.KZ7LWCCA?IRSS2(>MCO[.8>BFOCO8>X+=&77(WB[XI\(W-.2\
MK>%L2V6%KW=&O-)-$W@W22OJ+H:TQZ+-T'ZQTH`7UEJW;%`?J)[FTW@,E6X7!(*3>?[>RMN`K]S
MCE+\%&T`D9)1HW>/+Q]H;[)-\CMT!<-,M(@9;Y;Y%RKUX-(MS0DM**>J[
M-%G$S@.*NFEF>^R`B)US9FT.4VV!V)5@-\XATSF,03:[T17DBDZJ,CPT3\=4
M#-66ODVJMZI0OD+^
MD8)L:Z>/X@KW-$@;!D3>7?08,>D4_HK_<6W.=3![6W&5B^DE(G(-QR2;PJ[K
M"C;=Z@*D*I5>0"_I5=@-@/%5/M/MC#-M1UJ/R&:C!A=G<,U>;4
M768GKANZ:UM5#+7[8`_=4%>A\AMJ2?OMCMBI8W"JKE%RAU<'=!?CJQ3\BLZH
M>F@%++6%2%^6P:XAYC?8Q86\G;-8_(_+NUXM:7VLO`Y3?)4LMOMH#]JW%J#R
MFZK.%(PH;ZKBRLOV#5%:>S^"AQ%/JY1U9U=44TW3=#@SU2:[3ZVD;E)(5?*Z
M'016A6.Z#//`/.-6J/R$TQFBJ9+`[9BZ5DW==AGF85MEU:1M)ZV2-UO;.76M
MEJ?M,LQ#M\IJ&=HN6B5W;K:C(7K5Y*QH0D`]L`(V:EKRX.MF
MNP+*A);&"*@!/Q6]]2PEO_2B?\"CN*3R=\)UK8@VR!*23Q5.-(VV#I1
MQ=$="DFN@^(G26!U31\%R+*#UE:++0T:[4/%556@G[&FL^?ZY&=7!U
M^-*B?&G2['@'%@JNXW)&F29["$Q-.%6($[KLE4-J@Q,ASI(;>J;^@HW`J5:!U#MRA<.0ZJ`/AR#50`AS9/36L19$N
MW=JW59],[NL);$/]%`*%4RU9V35P!T.1:Z`.A2)708GD)SNGAK4HDAQ?P&&D
MKOALBO2MAU#]_!8%5&D3W&9;&BF.3H`F@678ZJ>Z"O`.A##70(D<<^B@P=6C
M3$##2E?M^;0<8/+>H;9HU*@\GBJ,V1U0(D39O2D[$)YE-6C27HP
M#-2;SN63WY%''B,GEGX%V>//*'Y(4?),;B.ZB)YF68H_((Y&01AXY,*AY<>=
M>FF0TF^E'U-]>*#K")7AEU0]-PU&[:'B+UAEBI0^V$!Q%ZLQ89;<@9+=5Z#"
M?4\=N"9'S5NL&ILL_G:17;@J1<5;C!J<*MX>@AVX+$/%:VR:FRGNOG)LN;+"
M4\6/JH7+/9J:+(&68EWHD[^?2RR^!OB+,-QGY%]$F1=-`ARIY(N#X6@TF\Y"
M+T/^?R6Q&G:'B"@V>PZ8H=TW%A^U+`O<21L3ZGMHNW9M,B1(-X+
M:37&*7?$M`1``O8DGXJV)8!H43"NIFD)30WCNQHRK09@6!KO3=60O?E-:8:P
M'),W%^0PNYL=(0@!C*HS@P`4(!0KMY/]Y*"HDE97>TH-6N.
M-:UD=Z(U2?'7Z_R;0R4[#BU*"GE=$K1,9D'5HJ2.YACUJ.X^$D'\6I]6]HV&:1NT^J'PR;@`VCI-T[24:&OR,$N2%
MY-5O7E`]9A6&5P:+1T+>63N;8?VM$80*`X*L%>V4CJ?[_3`[\Y+D+8@F]4H1
MA`%9C/YQ"5AH<1U'DSN43%>Z$>]%QTKDX-6D@A)>XO]"*=BOI7`*R0M145;;
M"T,+M&$U6!^O/D7SXX,.6_2M,%4+3)Q64J>I(%>+(&+B8C7(FA^"RF0M4!,J
M0&_[Y6P!Y;+9)*)BI&T9D'.U8);TZ%*>L_GA=82K1>:K`T1=:7[4(&B1F6`O
MNU&-J.L9BF(,+8G4]D+0_$<%K$6/GTXQ-#\^H.F;\2E(U=6ZDBM(TI6`J$'2
M`LWNH:D^2_/#,;H33]>;(\7H6J!)K,@,J<+6_/``6T6K,%>+]/856-+MC[/Y
M`2G'V95$5XZJ*Z%0E:(EF<<^&%JD-VW)W;C*4[0`/J!OSA&HQ]%B386[D/T0
M0*0:25<37362%D`A0`1[I6II5K(GKC8XRX;*;IOO`E?SXNL,1]V%G07ZEY?R3DWE8F:&U?9#=LJ$C4W
MH))&D(HP-3<$I9F:?R*ZDO"H=T6$6GPMTLJ][')EY1F;'V!)CU"5*5L`F*MW
MXL"+""2']:]JL#8_!I596V`FNL+:0I=6L/63:O%VW7[RJM.V`+YNT'5-0.J0
M=$W-4X*DJTV&:B3=M$KME9ZE$5KQZ/Y#=A&E63(C\W>!)4[P7-YX&;K-2"N=
M:Y2,\!^\20TSL1PW;W:TNBOZ-$O0*A`33\J1!EUS[20_KW"\H+Z,QVA$FGZV
MC$O7#)<'5XE\Y;;_(\Y0>NV]D2EN&,'6!HD:HVEE$NU1QYR=P7-Q?==;F:
M$-C_S]Z[-C>*90NBWQWA_\#DZ9ZHCI!=/"54U5T13MM9[6EGVL=V=4W/EPR,
MMBRZ$*@!V=;Y];/6!B3$1A(@0"#O/O=.I6T)UFNOUUX/S,YF#>?9#-FACDD*
MHVQQVH9&V6-RZ8(["B$;\"_\IV^YSKUGF60/_W(7E[[/B/?=GQ@`L
MGV\^,EM@/:`FR,4Z2:_(HTG0`)_2T$GJ9Y^D%#`AI%-_'.1AW!?#)$VJ`S$T
MEG_]L3B`J1%^*+B?#1^3'-,9;'Z".A&_-7%F^&-OAKO
MUG0^O9[.;'=!R./\V3<]:T9W^`#ORY)AT%<'&MU>MC8(+"V(,@JBI"4&_]6$
M1RKDJVW+6?'M@=)`;_-VR^*;`V555UN\!+[XLD")G4_9.G0*K`E493VC`;!U
M".VY]2U4/+?$]Y\FAB/)7^&3
M$__BY<4C+Z"-RB7+I)!$N6=5YK_YVQ>1=8+=!1/B1;-Q7
  
   .SAU;\C3!*EE\54A
M9LO]BG9=4?_Q>;>+^9QV,>^H-^E?OT,89/GAYLL`[(5OF?3=M1Y[163.?7V(
M5!1;K+^'^#<.1)"6._J=6"\3'/(/00T$D_'?:=1<)0TWA_2R>CZ4*H@ZRF!8
M$7&_S:?/Q+L;T[_Z%_-@XGIXFOO`4[.#7`C\OB1J;%EU0<6FP[*50X44_0J6[2V!93T=I#E
M"A'J`:)D>F0"P@D&X<8QW2GU;>#K=V-X6*U>JY\2M%C<'W:G0P-5DB8=,\J9RR&N3
MM'4_LU9_F5TB6QL>Y<+DWZU@8CEW#OD7,;RE5:[7LHK:YH%2I<#=ND6D`2LE
M:0.V:CH;C!W.34+;%E]#50QF_/PN!V<=G.R;=V100QDV:)AZIUV[$2;4-@IX?RCTQ_>+.:V7B/O@A;(4RA&46R!=+!4M,'U?Q
MG?$Y9'CMI#NCS\0A8ROPLU5!W?EO2#WPU4=,$"0EIO
M;MCUWF4Q)CX;""87@'D9$&23`-/1NVTD@2&I0W:!Y#9@LC)']3J.$W8WC3L_2\YDUY7U$EAKX%8,N3MOW-&5E^X%G/!:
M%9/`L?'@AO>E">QKRC#KRH`1Y&U@K`,D'S[OBD4"/-KS:?'W0=[Y5(`R'4\?W7=
MT9MEUQM2RQHK(_&+2Y;]C0-"L7F:>.[\9?)$*'Y^,U<;_2)3Y@L"OK&\-:.6
MHMZX/T":>\3'CM+?IS=BOY+U
M\M^&+B&+3$7=!XOM/E\SIE@7V63%9DA2]@Z\JUKS5@IS&8RO+%50=1E^"'YW
M.4$O'F3Y&PEBQ^F+YT[7/"H_["ELH@SK3"I=AK4?4E4U&S397""S6KDZP#>D
M"U'M^Q,R0N^C[K0WD^G,AJ+J.^R9Y='OM*D"6C_7TR%YQ^N[[!9?VLN9^AI8@2_NW,;"R(-,UBV=L-'2K3[%FI8
MT89LM%0.ROHGA!62H&&\8V"_F6`Y;FX?B$^\5^H61C>>/E+(\O`XAEJVUJ,B
M,_JS&J#W"#B;C3*'19S7/-"F*[P#ZX5JT8AHS3BI,IONVP+)'LRZ<^(8&\/M
MYO@F#0>LKUL9Y%GI@3!8:SSR0D
M,4V9^\29GOJ"IO!HVS'7ALAZSJN;E%
M,P9LA];.F;EA-(_HT3?@OT$AQ7
M;W$WOG*GEFD5'JE7L$5194OMJ@6_5#9Q2_W9Z-_SD.C-M'"R70\UH,#4UT(T
M'RSN;0-4E3/"^'&&'Z^]B5(:#(<,OMO!V=TQ7&]1A;I;LQ0L"=P0L356D"GK
M;'/%_A!O/(97!*37M*C5A'_;)*H*3UZS;12!6K,J66/1*H)[0R;ZP7@#6A+/
M`B!J9;&RN8`U"4/J`G?NP;-!&0,F7ZQW_%?]?=52AD;8",@.95![7U)_=S=$
M5@_2RO,`A&B%T\2U1\3S45[J'6J378F_"Z)MR"9VLO4;V.;,8^C=3[TPD0ZA*1M!4JR_)VMABP%5;$=E<+*&Q;&5`I\S
MIUA]B,
M=C8,!0?+KBH.XT&M3V0Z@$<7QK0[=27GMZ[A@&%KKK0.PKB,
M41!%(:RV8JDQ)20-]W7?=T&_P[V,?U%_@*9F#??>"DVI>\54D^>39SB^'18,
M-'JO*(ML&6'U&&1KQCW6M14=3E1F15OQ65MO;LV-DOMD4Y54.?JUF@WKLZ-@>R`8S-"J+^ND)T
M]>)`=),*V%`JB+7_Z?I_9[1,]S94PJ3)`[8#,3]H(4IT.]U*,=R]H8_EC$)G
MJ]ZYHZLN]:U`).!\(#A:Q41#ZGUSG?OYLVV9-IK*$=ZKA'P+[XX:XH&R6D^T
M!X1[HWC1P'FI#-N+]+&BST*O:`Z.[=\-;_1FT`J$1W<89:XB"@%7':$\@C^L&62;*Y_
MB-ZO2R#M&&;]?I^4RZ!.+(JZ[CX
M7I/SJ&&:3%28DJ[LD9<5PB;GWE_">/ZUPZ;D+:]DKB/J!6TX%'.2K:\,FH4-
MF*3D%#>V?C`;,C#@=,YY7#I%!V0]6/X?B116::@5O2]1BO:UG&DTD0F=\@"X
M':5MPY6;QY)F'OJL2U82ZNVH7WID!/`:X_9`*&[JDF:(K^#%>OG]98R[N>W0'D0D];/J>PS2C7WMVEU
M*?8\2-'AO3N/;H<5>T[.*CDXVX!B;X5VRTDR.8RB
MKKVA;U+5]\NH>DG=+1,;54CY^=#QI+UX>4HU@ZZ!'/`A"-5431GF](/8^:WU
M8545]>+GQV/O#TZ]*HBW"ZD6;S\H0SGY,*L0#CV+OI2052AE=4E5#1-0RY`J
MH^Z^D7&H!YL/6HI(;$%Y]<-"6VL:!XJ4,_DKL1/6N&W,3SYU<[_%QS2.^4DG
MBP6:WX[2.A8XI>Q@W`]F'@O02F%SXA_%/A:@DL8V(7T@`SG4A[G5%#>/I8G'
M[6(U-/L8]O`@A[*3UC`_I11VP/E',88'(E+7;*$F#^1!3CIQ6UB>>#R-6IIR
MS'3'CV48"Y!J,Z4^A&$L0*DJEPEURBX6H%&5@73GS*+2EW)6J?(0<0_B<8-8
M#>-P25D.SCV$)
M#W(H.VD)\U-*U2O,-'3+%!Z(2!LW+_O15U^PJ/N>T`6NE[9A3?T]^]'[BB2^
MJZJH:/C3<-@/.Q+[R53Q+'JOOZJ"OR1K^I"EB
M3ASERG"DB\D-NY*1T@DT-74S\[9.]6>JOW/!NQ7%!VRQOAN#1/NX+`?_&LTQ
M.@B:&QIB<@-=&%?C_9"X9BVJRPUT8FY6]G=`SGW_PD1-]4B"P*:M].&UP.,R[LS9C*]!N``^#4JD.&3:^[PJ"WS&AK\KO](3E
M[((Z!G3[`SWO%(DZT5PNS*D35=`[!1>WYL9X"?^AF3O4Q+REBYU41HA?N;/:
M>6R/^ZBNHUK@J!;5P2TZJH.RKSIVY.
MZ+P5Y2(E"4S194?.[!&E8S,0.WY+>M3IV*VH'JM324QX_6;FN`)^:9^_)@@)VETC!'LX7XZ1V35[(R%[$#QG=.7OB@[7H:M@\TG]7!])`UG?C$S:/2*F]
MU5N`/!!*FHHH]14M+TI*493RMR+IG6"
M@3=/_\]:-TVXJF,/K5D4SSX[/34_F(71^^8Z9M,8R@/&U!6"--5#8?B3"V>$
M_\'UD*^&77$[A2:J(FI)%=1D3BO05QDSD!O,%`LC\V"10Z/$2N56T)I&`U6E
MJF/H)PVUO&TO&E-)UE*DP*Z).9&21"8ATU:D5%DL'LJU%)F^KN;M25;ZK/YK
M*5*@V_-=U0O6Z&^?QHXU^B[+>G\@#?7OV!*G?9?43[^X9VRK);)#5T"&;JNJ2VX]%,]BSF`2TT"P``MZV,/V%+O
M[1&G:)+4'X(NAW_D5'O:D#&YN\$[!#IE#%7WD"M@L#J$5"F#U7*D"ABN[HGA
M?@:LCP9,;3DSBZQ&ZVL=8"`B5$9)9J[1;CEZQZ(FUY'*KR8[)X\%M&47C]M^
M^G*`^E)ON:CFWSHSU'5V#'I5^'QS':]YE/)@DH3L$,PIY2"S*Q%:*7AE%/]0
ME^L3PYJP*V`!.H9:`0-0J_ZH";N]]+].$SYBVPV`FG>BO,P.*&DG.F54IJ)W
MP#E90ZZ`SNP<:OD59CQ#KC.X%="8JL1NV6PY?X=
M5?U!!Z04T2FE.?OLD.)V(U=`]@=24XVA=1Q*,EUI`HHR0[*X7Y:4D(M.6@Y-Q55
MSUL5J;`[;5J)3ADEV3WDCD5'KB-U)#IR#:DBCF3GQ'`_%2FCBE3:SLS<6[]`
M?CO`/D"GC(KL'G)'HR+7D#H6%9E$JDB"LG-BN)^*5%!%#EO.S/S;H!1EP-9>
MMQ.AD2C,-:2*]#IT\,3MIS)55)E:N]G9
MUR4M;]OV0&O_)3C%IXS&[`Y213K`NL>R(U&3ZT@5J17M'LOVTY*T-TS>BYO+
M3WXE!GX,>Y9^MX+);X[[[!/O%5=\WCBS>>##`US'M&S+P&;PY>,^&[[ET[?2
MQY2GCCS4"Q7BLV7!5>/2;DKEKU=EO-D/1JC\I6K,'7"]E*I[$$N)K7@=6";6
MSEU_E3&KP%:T#@S6;^6NMPIY5==:K(.RJCV[OJKC5.Y9G'*GCE4!M.H?C585
MMPI,8>P.KYH:+?G%@C<`GJ]D=.,$AO."8YS"L.#"-.?3N8T;E2^F.-3I?ZBS
M4AHQ6530P=)%/2^WV#16<7!3`9OYG[GED='FY\!WY^4G,Q5',AF-Y00N-P=_
M]5S?;PX5^"H;9>V`+CK0((*7(15=CTR2J`2'TGJP(T^N(@[Y8D-D9LM8+HZUK^%NR.ZH<".+)7
MFFW4#T40DI@6DA;IAR*(L.G'5I\KG,19*B.OR-A6(6-"7M(51B"['"\'L@KH9_.9XQ+#QJ[\:5GF7M3!Z66CE
M@3`OUR[G>XW!+XZ0S*91=D*79_3]1;`V-[\YA)0!HVMS09A>6N"\/!%OFAA$
M?!`ARX`CKRBEI/`6?B*^=-BCDA/(O"BV5*T=1$47F<"J913HMUY)YT[?7,KW=
M5^6<$4,_H^VO]5H[/WH=T=;Y$2K`K<.IZE+\:8>&+G)R&(>@=9IZOX/2,A5=
MDU([B(+.WRIZ3R:U3&$7&!";L1JC]?HZ/WI;0KH6:NL";,L8?=M"K9T?
MH=9I[5*@MTY7Y\>"K8YMJ::NZ9`<0D\7F4ZKB`60:8FB+H"?E+%;I;V:NMA8
MX2YD00I@U#9570[TMJGJ`E@4D*>#JNK:3LF!=+6:MZ@U8^U\%W1U7OPZHZ/W
M0:A5JGD?R6N+CB[!C!;JZ$I%ZM#:N1Z%=A#MO-\$\]8KY_SH=40YYT=(+G*C
M<#@EG1\A56)GO?6?)M5]L%\.N&NMX3H?8HZ3TEKQ5*NAPSVJ:DJQ:I@ZKGVA1:NG__.;AQ
M_,";(_]N`&(/>/E@!.0QP'$Z]\0SX0_&RQ['I*\/PX%'R>O0V=PC241P5\FY
M*`^UM7;^O,#E1>IZ/"8FSOUL&"\%W+,\>&7`EWWVO[D!\>^-!;*X8@QRS'?/
MJM!-0G1`&=-W\D*5Q0[*6`Z\E$&K92SO=5O[96RXDQ=:)V4L#UYJ+KP.)6,Y
MKPL&F_O!\HK8;XX11P:X(V:OP7$1_,-A[AD7S(7T3N`.=5Q22&6+U39<\A^7
M2Q<<4<`:.(>/^.8ZYKZA2B'&Z*OU'VL>_B:P#GC8W^TV:EUS
M5?+BU1^T6,;TG&M'6NX.(R:[PU]1'W1/C^7`2\KIMQQ*QO*VG[1?QG;;%*42
M'[)I&/6EULI8/_>0Y0[(F+3;;^F>
M'LN)ERZW6<9RSAW66B]B\NY;ENZY_/GPZJNM%K&\@\W+1)6/$\,CGPT?"Q6F
M,^+XX2!ISS.<%[IU]_-B]1%X`O[JXLWP1E^-=VLZGUY/9[:[(.1Q_NR;GC6C
M2WB!5F71'O35@4:WCZO;=`,NWSZ7$L%!77A41*T[^D#_;A[X@>&,+.?E=V*]
M3'#QR"OQ0)"NWT&F+)_<>U;Y:>(1\71)TC>8ON\SXGWW$40_1<[!>7]8`3F+
M(5H;=;_-I\_$JYB.+-TRRVTK1R-5.K!ST_P>:.NXW%0::GFG@&L#D:W,W0E@
MPPAIT.BJ1DSCEN'D"J+.?-`&9/7VH8-Z/J\%85]2U`_SLLM`6WC?YD'\-FOEH,F+U(]_M6<
MW#A/$X^0?Q'#*UV`-.AK"M:':@,I=STU4WM<`MZ2"']QYU[#^,ILK75Q<$NA
MVQR.8#N8`YH3R+*2^^8V+;=#9O=%86C+2BU$'PUC*_49$U(JHS.+0QM*63W+(\NCBFXMR4Q7:N9'A'KIVLGL((%>+M3UZ&KU*A_
MFW1D"Z,UD`&MK[WS;A-#
MXZLR@6L(Z2_X[S-Q`$;[KS]N?GHZ7^#[E_`Z`(LXYN(;>;NT#6OJ?[%L,BH:
MPLBJO"81*FXF#)T1E8.U6^I;\F+87XT`I):AK93,(^P$])"88>'S
M`/24UC7,%)0A4<6=LVN(Z0-MC65J3L3Z^R!F.>1N?.F1D15\,4S+AH-T_3ZS
M/!J^%CL:%"])#/&B9T,\P^.12-CL?EWBI(;PWHWOX=>@@WYSQL:KZ^&A^C]S
M;_%/XHTLLX#J#,FNB^JFDZ*$\A3]I(5,&*RQ)*^LR9$ZR(7"9I2?/(N,*L0P
MPJE?"B;6[):BIG%ES503S<
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MN0ZUOAR%F[JUR@57@NC97_@ML.Q#H)$;I'5N_#HW/`-`)'?/MO5"0P\?+\R+
M`CZ49/@'6KJ^*M,K@,%`^O3+O:1_79%XT\L21,WZR*5AFW.;_KLBL)XFQ"?"
M2_PN7X`#*IC1:\BH)\P,:R08SD@`N2:CL_E,`/MFN1"B&+:]$)[QYE(`<(()
M?&\^I="]$@&"N;E)X;0<^"%<[0W?%'QB`$MZ@C6&IRYZPFA.KUGPZY)^-@6D
M)M$;A#%H-&'FD3-K.K/I=6F(N0V/L_V>0-Y-,@OP!?3E`(G@CNF_?SM_/*=`
M7QJ.,3*$-TS(X6/'KC>E2[JCUQ+#G,1?&EN>'PC!FXOX$V=D>,)_@"[@&@%5
M:.HQ!8?EP[M'9`:?Q70=OL]Q@P05SB-AW,'*!--COP%EP7+H7T%T7RW4TV>/$O9Y)\)L9V@GW3
M!B)6=GK%?V708VOHXOO6&$Y)B<,*)D>)H5`D$7P<4='6?6?ETR\WCO`5SY*`
M7^B%9\"=>\L#\1F[]?V)<.G:$))81GA"3#1*8PR_+1!9D&S!1%`%@Y[6\XTA
M3@*;2J*"D-JB%N&9'17TE6+;-W*$F%5$8UH(NUX-[,IZ/%]O,%8MZ&H.JLH7L&".
M"5KM`JLW"TY9*8/0&5O84!"^7*?HLKDCU!\P\\GR`%50&=Q:QC->!-3.(*E?
M0B4DH-N%%XYE`@N,WK1GV,#G6]=PR*C,E)]2\A>O$-R*WDX@U['\1@+\!G4#
M1V3T>?$;:/L;)YSBU.CATF)A3*"7'[IT-?K8B[6^
ME$)`SE@IFP>LE%F++H`_SWU0N1C$1$>M"JT?EB,Q=XJ)1HO-KT_3.S[X(5/B
M@!%D[,I"D^?4;*4&;&%<#I@RY!U5N4O$^"7;ZZ`$U]](7`%`_.X(^3DW+`%,WZV$9XH."!CUQ.F@*$0
M3."SDOCGM7$YV:"M8Q#J1SR5*[\$2F,]\92C!<9QVTBN`N?SS28@,24[?;K;!UP/L!G!9F'\CBC")S4[>[I8L#=J-0
M"H1U`$-E_COHM57;Q9WS*\%+IMG$,B_PA#Z$MQ[HU%R_@SIT##N6?/\B"+UY
MO/:/2812X-4>,\F:HC.VLE9\\DGV%2BY5WIKXO\WZ!AKC*.++_R_D]$+\0^I
MXQ61[6*H'H=<`?:R*+NI`%L:B@J3[!($?^KY;@>+5=;1L'K3PFKV;Z28(*>0$/&4!KJ,L/L!K';FZR1
M8UDSE51YR#A\Y8$M=6T<[HFHV:8.BZX96H>NA"NQ,DWQHP[E4$@,ARM'($4?
MPW-`7GRPN_315Y:-P5*U6&Z>Z"*=]Q-CC38`LP[Q%PO>0&[1=X*##G82*UG#
MJUSP]\=S^]8:5VC%L34X";2(L]A6(!>!)GVK%\=DB>+A;VYP17PXGECC&`9H
M-,>]_$`<)$"L4W?NG9WLL#?(6\N,,P*&V@(716(O\G9"DR]?`([]6E':*IUT
MYR3B7AK65*8PK,>(
MC"U\*-^WKFG83(K.[(CP;U'@MJC$HUM
M?\X+&7,[N?+6Z\[&:7W&QUY[?PJT0U70J8RIR5D]M^$L/<3]D^N'Z=:88:+I
M8C:SPTE2Z&W-`_C5K36UPK[$NA4"HS1K0"$[RB,C+$]OV(M0)&UCE+*<9BPUW0IJZ/K%M
M""H#,LHF3#-5W@.1,:/YX$KA`G']"!/O8')7KB-(`74=PVNFZ6P>ZL.[<3IG
M7UFQXX;$+6O/*@$X]QW#1;A]M#F^:NQ%>#'PV!+&NW%4,E?W99:D,55.:^_/
MY7'$"=86E+A("B-]50"]N3HCC.`.580A#761B=R+@)?1CT&G5-A140,]XG&)
M)C[AR65S/:M,4'WW05I6_<&>P.XAW(\D",*!'O[O5C"!SZ-5#>?9:G/\MX;DSK5=/?DNH47SS4YJ:%W0Y8OV;99
M,;2E2R9_O\#^N.SHX@2]"@P*%E@/BZ5+6*Q$(Z"ZH\B,00"Y84N-YT4TX<\/
M5&TVXAUEK$+)A&)[U0L<7\MLL.8E>0F7!4HSN>S:T]A2[K1_!:BD//CU]AZL
MN/YBNV^TXR%.+JY>BMTA,2-JKZS1=::P9B]HBZ>KX9<)(WT%'_.#2N1_0]):
M+):TS@8OE4K`!L`HBJB=8YJNLMTF*0@V+%1H*A\MB\J6'1B;LM*7QLP*PNNV
M,$8&)>2.@[K,Q8CZP"O3&?"-O]$_U11"L'C%C=5`
M6,];?ZF8QI:*%0"N3,EF954'626;12LVLVH&-C?N%]ZC68HE?;9<;2=(188T
M-3;:Z$S.J/K*#=M>!=YQ.K#1U*PV+-)P0L_:LJBQ,MH.N#U7&12\$65:^?C?I%'T,8^^<;-&HW2]D
MO(L"P*5K0JCI"Z]*XZJ&1FX+90W.6AJ1;>!D5VQC37Z]@&;4:>-+ZRK1K=T@
MJ8,2]J@`])DE4PF)HOY9=8,]MTX+W#AY)`]PN6:"-3_1?J"RJB\_<#4.T@L?
MYH>#YQ8@+N[4,JV:\\7I8NW#
M==D112MX8[D#SN3RK*PA;[3B/:/-I>ZX45\>E^*P)7!:JPC$R=BTR=9YP0'9
MGUW/<]_PIKKN(&:EK`L`E<`B<[[W`3"!T[J&2'ZX$LAD!6JIZ[N$,]]X%^@>
M,)9&LLDXNAQXR3U*B1$(R2MOX#MUYNM.Q?374=D%3@+RQ*WWQG&/D?=$=\C&
M=4]-55_)XKFD)'^^%;0*IINPRSB7NXVB`8?_HJK;I=KEO8F2'\X
MU/2=222VS;DI!`]#UE2"C/X1M^`NA_543O=\7I]VGIQ\U1IJ-,6D?T(XCWFO
MQ(JQ1CC"[D]CRV0/@G1"<5Z,1O2"V;#I>^Y=M_3\M8TDR=2/DAPOC68A2$94
M90GT9'@O)*A&_5.$OJN:JDLJ-0;];5DT.:S[C\.L"A!H.3W@USOH(9UKU=.C
M#S5N-.LQFELXDC'.E>T^.K35K#G]ZG=5%.E=[YF:,>B\!<@-1+F?DSL9
M>^IW(E!1<^@2^+ZN27+.`(>=)+*U4;0&4.6\9@4^S$A^4UVM90!6^S)C!P\A
M"W).69"&LE1,&NHB<%Z`):F$,J^#PDH^@/LJ.V+@(`3.":_,+HQKGKS#H9A3
M'I;B>U#RYH?W3!JHA[<6H*.4O"I8T]B2M<8I7`#@H9+1++"+P)GU0XFQ%E&O
MY4VT9>#&(7')U3V6&M`R@W!*7W*HW[(N"XL4G[#MR'G9CWU#58=80],T??`=
M[+BFR."W#'6UG]>7E_)MS*D+]4W#G9?A6[CO-?G:>(Q(>:K%=)+[>2PI#A(JW26VC
MZ1H=UY_7+!78S&9)L%LG"T--S.D$G;$A:<6BT`IR#/*:#8EM>ZR8'@V;@OPF
MDSD-'30$!;!E#=^1&(("3I*LU+U6\&"&H``5)';A[9$8`OC/,*\WX9(FT5R5Z&2*PH7(V3`UM'2B#@MS/2`D66S:P
M8:X<_>3><^[*X*2Q`RARP;CIM&X4YE63/@V`-T]?WD^1%28`J/,MA[,2=/*U
MIF^>T(?;2/`G.]747\_XY241!U*!M$`\OFIWXWK5>*:,:#SU.C%T"IM(FZ2&
MVF>=Q4UPY9.-1*_1?\_!P1@OL/W5#]WK]HB!(N:>1K('1LPL]O2S]VV)*X.Z
MI"KLH,`ML-6P_*P
M"S;+TV&9^[9UED%2Z2\-3&EX*ZK$H_]/=DRR!T62I%6().U;QEP(S01=L=O];GSON7C:?C?P1<&B,@$9
MBE<18IGO:4T!>A+L8@62-13DM_OHTZK\7^XU?O0S*5/\Z"N'.OI79&PY^#8G
M'#,#W\/FR.3/^PR$*=+(`>=(68Y%R`55`@\Z16E%IN74@?FS;WK6K%D\E@TI
M.:&J7Q5'!U;Y5Z]JPG%9+#>,'18M0S@E7E4'"/\,ZQWUC@PAA["^C:8'S
MZJ*#-0BK$.^[I8-LA:-JT1^J"/6=,Y=J`#WI"+O.*_%\.M?](IPJNAHX2A.P
MT1,J1W?KG([8(;:)_'V[+G-@,]*WO9:DE0,6DF2V0NV
MW4!M7O24^"X5M@I&-1?$B#G-!<%;QRW6S70^M4]++98C'-&YPAN-<)O!KZX[
M>K-L.\XY/1GOT>4-+@&DC1979)GT*$V$7^#X$L$="P"^8-#'^@)N%?-&9"08
MOO`2P2%@-H]$P`B!*SP3(%4,D#!V/2$PW@7@[\P%T[.B5UTH%]D7V(3&/%/[
M3(B6!ZJ"RG^/U8<%)5\5F6*I(M#MP@M3>9>N;1L!CJ.&$W3K&@X9K71PS>R2
M-+9^HP24N2;,AU.J&U1\(R,'J_\T*UCM.F*
M)O3&FY00"`>&8IM[X8'11VV7,32.W8PY$8
M=U\S^J*48_-&`IS-/ESF6/@K\AQ\-0(:"=TX3Q./D*^`S\2_\S#!5/?A9[O;
M]H4X)?_$ME&A.E'FK/QBU8)&6Y%9M;\9F(SR,+#E[GK*K!G`L]=^;81FEW<1
M+Y<&!46LUS(KKPO'R\QQR0,5A'&W,0J^6X63]<_H@;4J+2A7IE25I&YT!!4X,SZ;,T6^.]`N"^
MX'=Y,;U3%6@DGV'RO;?E80PI,'76V,ZI"X->I@CU%
   
    7AFW[=^/-5]7U"M-`96OY*@$[
M.]&)"XK9UN%Z452UP<9,9S8\3/(IZAY%@F"6/+VV^S.!X&>UE97X7RW']>AP
M\V40O/Z4<$3$5Q),T!5HR!K*FBAE57TTA=W>9(T
MN0&8U*WPQFRJO_=:NGPIWB3(1:`Y\"2JHE7NG$1"8T6X+W\($:SZRHSXL+:)ZXL^"*R
MR#(*[RC,$<,KF=3[F\XDE5OU7"23)#692Z3M
M(Q7;=.)>$B6F*+D:N(O;=,J=Q-C>>FQX2G>6`6S3'6)VC(P]S"2H/RYA!X3F
MA:S"48E%\WV#/@/UEN&(!RH4'4I,.B1GD>B&H_2P'(FW=I9NC1DF["YF,QL4
M$1;O@,,U#^!7M];4"HPF]$'>>[Q]4,@.],@(VUT:]B-4E>7M#H#6H<<1@(9G
M3K"FD+P2VYW1(4%-B*4^8+FU%9P=_AL=:0C_O81?6K6WKN5QX%(0I4S*NXD+
MGI8BN7E"=.,=G.RDG[V`K;GWO!!NZ7VJBO0=GH&.A*ZPVP:+=:%';9EDE$V9
M9D))G>W3R`=7"A<([D=XA0$V=^4[)O>4X2/FH4:\&Z=O/RHK&]U0OL/>LU4!
M;^[+&OBX%UC_TQQ;!VQC:3'PV&+0NW%4?%CWM:`R9$U4\OVY7(XXR=J"8B&I
MSRB**H#>7.<21G"'*F>1-$EF&%@$O(R^(S3JAAV5A]`3'A>[XA.>7#;=LTH&
MU7`T'GT>S.@\F;A-\9].HE0*?"D*C.09Q'VUEWG-WE%OV(.29:1UMWJ)>S^2X-%K,>(JY1
M8V;47F%>K9I.M9Q#>#5Y;3G$3LCR93PWZ^9V='S);.-X?:CL:!<'&0+^!`NL
M[L8R/"R\HT%HW6IHP.C;_+"MXW2+:-+Q_FBW&O%/XXK7!/294&POX,+Z$;/!
M\BUE<_D6!:69^X0&:C[87$6-R*2BJ/5F->P?^&*[;[2!)[$K.WHI]CK%K*B]
M3$QE`Y.]H"U^90"_3/A)5_`Q/ZCD!&1?'*QY`Z7!JW00;<%.45G5BPWUS=A?
M7WM_%^M19D"1\D+"I7'H68=Y"E!#[CAX"U,3RV"^YGL"MG`B'U@%>KU*[S#,
M'\6Q%TGY(-JJMQ*=Y;$>",O3:]?>3#JO`&1EJH\K*_W(JCXN6GR<5;BQ>48(
M.$SUCRW1V;AC)T2Y1I9XA+Q;?J0EFIVWD"N.V@)@D<&"C4WC4[.JJG)"ME1^[0L?&>_B('64?9GMMO4++)XZ%?HX-_-`Q\7E_WQ.-OD72GTF=6%AS&N*MLKN!V>NMLC&RJ]5V0FEJH/EUVQ,TY[
M<`*W_BEF>?(:"6#J=9&;X;1:YBQ7L1@]._N>Y0'5=1D@:SLO`[+`V26MS=K"
MH3+((;1;#>*OH+D\PP:OY6(TM1S+IS,U7YNIS%=%-E#;`5!VW,_
M?B"X>&'TY(:7=;$#\YM3M[60=<;>%X(NET2A@_SPQF>"Y`7
M=VJ95LW7%>EZ=PV>@'.(E7[&((A&T-TP2"6\^HDFCXSN4D-%+FF0>>.P'G5J
M7T@3BU"V3$ZI%(OB]007<==/V+;D>HNU#]?E2RB[?8E"<(:(TV6-F;-%:7=0
M1D=@S?I27#J+Q4%+H+16.XVK,NA(`N<%-V9\=CW/?:M_^(\J]0=KR.0#*H%%
MYL*/`V`B#UCKKCC[%==84@BV!4U;V
M(54[D(A0&Q\#L`>,I9%L,CE4#KP$:LDI.,EJFV;$4.ZO_(-[E<"6W4W
MIA;\\^)I,8M_V`>#@3P$#.2!JG]7!WUUH+VK_:$H#;<$V=0)D9>AVE;0*IH4
M%\X;3P2PRW5+T2CF7[$T=+F6&0%9
MNI.5TSV?UZ>>:X/F>;"3&DTQZ9_$#S!7EUA)VPA'V`V:S-W$89!.*,Z+T8C6
MH1@V?<^]ZY8>9KJ1))GZ49(C_9@!016QZ9/AO9"@&O5/$?JN:JHNJ=08]+?E
M6.6P>6O?!0,OI`;_>00_I7*N>'ITSFKHDZ=)NH\G6NW&K62WA\^9*5(5;
MS7JLYA:.9&R'8*I^#FXV:XXW*'F*Q1MZF7BCPG;;[QB'RSK$X_I0'>:].Y'9
MK0X[FV]K`QH)KDE`?E4<:EK.IB>-74G0`@1T7*P6(``>QJ!DQ83Z
M715%6C1QILKLO-<6(#<0Y7Y.[K"J;R?\%77X+V'OZYHDYQTKPM2H;.WVKV.,
M5!)N.:>)T9D\1?Z94C60.R_8DA8W>AQ@O$(9@#4E8[+))GEN[J*_#"JK+NRR
ME_Z-'8*2&$-PV%.0%^ZAPE9&'N04Y">TRC8LM.P8Y,3E3!IVYAPH^5!J
MC?SGA+;L5,&7BUCHUG+A#\G)EVQ`<.AF/,XMT/V\\.[G.I^4-G/#^^9
MO-Q0UE+I+X++:K97J^5_((I*3J^N%?)?`%Y)'PS9.]:F#T`1@.6,"1!M.@#%
MA&5?N<^L/4\,+HQFSMQ$^_QN'!)7Z]]C12>MY@QGX2='YR]+^K$5Z(G0$5#[
M">90U;5W5=,T??!=U2#NE-_AE[K:S^LELGU_C:*>:LW(7,Z^S`0_D>G,]0QO
M<3.=&9:WSS!9():HB@,DG3C,F_))4ZHXN!MZ=NK8$[RI_W8/BDGR$%-FFC+,
MF8,]8W7@07!ND.S[[IPN0V8F/7"`!=3MZC^KEHHU-J-U5`4,%*EXT,Z/?G?)
MVZU#OQ_]^'%GZ*G*@W;)XW$=]]SD99QU?N@KI6*-1S_1MQB_C4[#7PNIJI"I
M,`:4^WDOS#(7Q>:`,35?:R-M[ASZC-%-0*8WJ0Y\/%K-'O"Q-%[1?W%<6?K_?<&/S_[UZBX_KP6\G\+M*T3@*$FYO1SV$%L
M%0M`*Z@QR)WVJID:#2O[_`D_=DI6]U1^@?0F6V5V)*H_/PTDD4EL'(ONST\$
M=@?CD9@`^,\P;V%4ODQ_>3F(+^0V;R1)E="O^D;WH(,L*K2.4UPK6]_>FKL'
MI.U!&9MWA]M1UHX,Y?YPN%:?FX&R6@?*J]O")W?5%8?3EV^<:+43[6IX3C<^
M/!``P8>W1ZM#PEOJQ)3I/9LV-'DH:B#]BJSFK7'+VFM>,WX9:ZTFKCTBGA_>
MH.UY05R<"&<*>S>?#54&Z-OVV#>)A"*Q\\MW`IAKPQC]Y-X+QLK@E+5C)!>0
MFP[L1GE>#=ZF%].;=_CN9Z6+BV9?97R5BM')-W!Z\W:T"V=$?[)3@[KKV7R[
M).)`RAWJG\FLT]L4GBD/,9Y)E=B)@Q-4FZ2&JK$BM0FN?+*1&+7VWW/PGL<+
MK*GQP\"Q/6+`=O77@%`J%F*?O>]`P#*82SJ$1DS(LQDV9@9Q%45H9<`>L!'[
M&C1-V^,"P.L2VW%8T!ZW;?A_J4.7?P=Y-:L`HJ&*S\$J1HWWH^`,W*C)^&J/
ML;U`!D659*Q![,M#'*_0UX=A_]W@TR__9^X005H.=\P!1P+NU287NM\2_WHW
M1O]YGU[E;=!^-18"#D;;]?86T%;O%&WU3M%VV"G:#MM-6T5,GS)P#@@N,V@K
M?5F(O[FO$<3=(++>.2+KW2/RL'-$'I8B-PJ7!35_-),7TJQ&@.[G8\YRL:4SXBWHF]L]$*7FCLNFMC4*G4^B&+85N
MB-`IK81N.)142CL%H4L.$,X+7>D!2/3_R+_?JORJ8U+0%T(3"
MP0T1=^-[ST5E]+N!CPT6E2$R%*\B39'YGM:,Y4N"76QJ5`UC"MLMHG16X2_W
M6G,B>D7&EH//=L)E2_!L'&V<_'F?93]%QC`"OY6E?Y4+J@0>=)G8BBC+G0'S
M9]_TK%FS>"S'2>:$JGZ5$0F6\J].:0R$NHC&J'>09U6-U%I?'@P0G[Z6MW!1
MD]DA@]OZJ*N'=2CE["!3U,'A8JF8O%J6#:F1[ZXWIXV+*?54D,_5XW3
M-#GAJM*9_6Z$*,1L:(]LK=6
M*`)&6)1<>C695&(UF1Z>4?A?7X9SNA.H%>Q7KDE3)5]``1EV*+]?X'?%B1_#
M_0K?M_;`-'8/Y(4N-7>";T:)!LK5ZVXN'^X>[[X\"9=W#_=)1-??
MD'Y_6#(%+YSAW!>`$G?0[D'D?Q$_^?+LQZ^`N``1&%$QL(WB>\N7;QV#G)/P
MO6M/3&-+>7T)$>N+ZQ6/2I>ON\482[@P36*CM2,C@3XXB?C:FS8=*%2P>QXG
M_'?6@5H^FGTWSBLO_T+\X_H+\7GL6\(3?>V,2B5UU_##-*XBKK]T[?&,4,,'
M/*RG')'W?Y`]&(TZ1&+[KD!&MBU^$[/I
M3&UX_@J,Z-"M!&%O+IPE6;#I\>L^7;K$+NJJ_N8Z9OC]L$V[6@/(%N(R->(Y
MX4K5(B?\5XQ65I5-OWITH-:J^ZAFC`8*$SX5`2[5X8A_O_?+AUYMO9T]W]S\)DCY[_UF(?O/Y[NGI[NM/@CA[_X3?PV^-X?WQ
M%[_;V7S\)%P\W%[>?!!^(C@%A_/EG_`>B)E#<3D\2TQY\_,"/
MS_%'?\1G+W^8[8)4W@"I`(Q_K?'BT^HY16#_G0A&.'-/&+N@Q8@7
M@"2=GACA^36!!./$,&&N-_V!7><^)I`>U0$UQ'@:`K`9""1$+C"V\0R)X)%1V$(<_C(
MZ8GE"%-*1W`NDD]`WWHU/0.^0Q\UI7'U^?\VIK.?_^O]0@3D3D_,T$H#R@(Q
MX/D`BCOWD@^;)CB%CP*EBY^")_HDA<<:Y(`L1'[AGT*PX==`(,L7L#G/&ENF
M03'#AY`-;\076O!>^">$&\&"TM2/7PA\\,A/Q85&S):9GP4J#H\W_^_Z)Z$?
M23L\9DFP],,#2M[H!9_O'JZN'\XN[VYO+^X?X0FF:]O&S">?A&?7&Q$/8TB0
M(-OV9X8)'%O^/#-&H_CG-VL43/[V"0*O/R=$-O`2_Q[%']+^G#J/5'"E\)?K
M0*^1)QBM/>TU.BF!.UN^7_[S\@#99!R4._1.,85C4FUG82628X0-/`)>
M4`;T0_BW$`A[@5^G@$WGP1P^-9X[(S^A=P`X(88M`==*IYZ>))5J#%DP<7VR
M?$F,/)".O)NT%QK>L4T5K,G%C\DC]2,]R%QI<*5Q:*4A%U,:H:805HKB],2W
MIN`0>VMZ@E$0/?:;*Q5S>@(_;7A,]/W0DB,PCAM$S^Z%)W?JCHA]%L+X&A?!
M"0$Q)X[U'VS&_(&&W],O_B5$(O1U#-M>Y\(IHCF*YT7R.]&'1T9@4-S]^;,?P"O`UT;-@N[(W`9"
M!)A9#IV=6#W!IQ/*Z5SX'>(G^.-L!GXY/KL7>D8A.CXJ8E@X*G@T!)YC\6$/4<:.P:7BI'^-E#C\C=Z=X+_]F1NLF:$P2C2IJ^O@
M=<,4T(P(L=+JG$H//<<>G)R,RX$8X>W9ZGG#GR'T
M`YBGT6'&4SF?1E=@:(-`.X2J?&;`J3>M&>X[%=[D:>/+!HA3.YLS:*',//[6MR#F@R^Q'9_82E1;ZM9Q:$(,7:R)0G*+9&=+05&09`R-;_
M,0<25@.@0#.YM*]1>'0NW"3X`I(#F&ZPXE(.+>!KN`$A*1>].)=W>A*2"PTY'DHO'JB*?K@%NF9"J"`N*,=&!+@R0IJC
M!^JB&@&7P'#.@FB5`G4-"FQLJ)B>*!6)N&QW&I75'4#0^_&9W1E!ZC'JT0N;HH=>?"
M!1#?2FRYH!TOF/SS:-L2?#&F7,@-YFB>GH![2@CH(TP`)K.;\/Y@8E%/,APE
M@H]-$&@S]1?;Q?L00HOJ)[I\$<9QPG_=Y9P8K^MB$D9?,Z#W.S6-2#D+`Q_/
M6U"W/_QX%F4VWTV;&QI$OP)
M`>F@25U_3G]#)4<`.0%5.'<,]-WQ_F4I,#OT2W0UD3'8>-MUR/H-2E1PXW]Q
MO=7@@KMQ8DY(O?<]DJ1I3$WB;J`JJ@IC2HR6Z]\KP'I#E1!;@5D]]"D>>R[5
M#3@F*$%:>IL9R8GSC+>H^9)'!!'\PA79-FML$_UT/+29YF>6.H$PQ=>(CBH
MJ2(1,*$>!EK%`(4NA_$N@/Q#2(X7^W6CO&MPVS>P>EA@:KOH-CP!<3[;^RB(
MG/>K&W+)2Y."9:/$*VE1\/-S_,>WNZ=K0=(3\9D*CWM\NKO\Q]_O;B&C?+\O\[.A,_D!<*A)PK!WR$:%,[.=N6$='F5
M--F4"'EV@\"=)G,]&[Y1R:\_TFO7`KX4@U+P%#OPTOJ!_P&BY2FH>#3_?]EV
MUK?3)$]VK7B>+28XG`TX!4Y26U61QBL`^^$?R8G0`2*LG5K4N]<0/S-:-TLI
M?W9'BVU*>2,A)#FAZB=>K`#`L-P]_"3\5^@LKPZ_X+@06(S@W]$_/@D_%J#.
MIM>,Z?_6D^*K=T8*4\S_]FWJ;T+G,/_MD[;1/*T^L:*3VORGF]+A6!J+D@9A
M`([I6@FK(O8ZH-)CH?&0L/M1`J.#>C$^_"/K(YW(25>2=.+P@*0[1ETI/+_`
M-UR(@O[K\O+Z^LN73YDDQ(O8U1^6X=O3]?]].KOY=G7][>DGX4PBTV4`=WO]
M!7X%ORD5)G\.4[$]X1DMMT-O.,;"`M0ORZ%--SD-*]HR:"X%._7:4N*]SSE+
M@:/W^GU]#T@<]\TS9NA[X'\K(TT%1*I=?1:JLRBC6??FLMX;BOI!6%KY*?N0
M_!OV)$WJ!O_R^.4E+8MH@216[H8$X]S+>/="Z
MP;Q&0Y6R!B6Q1H);E0:LR@^J.FB)6?D+MR:5\/8'13^(.4GSCW.M&->D@X21
MN;E6X%8@G34[LDN>QN1W%]W6A*YN*G)F<68U?'W:\FPZ<48\C]YH'ET9]%OB
MK/(<2.5Y]/B2I/6!-.=?M^]!2M>W-%8?4(LCH@WQ_[(=$:4N#R%^:*(
M*)WT&CFS.+..DEE;2DT3M:3A)_.T"]R*.H][`=0\PRBGIIIS.;T&ZOJ%\K>',%;XDM-NF^>,84^^6Q
M@?0UFHTS]X!%./<%OG5E><0,7,\71N%H0=I&;WE^(/QG;GATM,GX]&1,9Z#2
M$$G`G1&TWVN^$'!,BS"?X8]_4L5S47@.:_GQT5\MTW-]=QS@U(%5?\RYL!%3
M886H[;MKV.+XAPV`+W$S!(>\";1O,8,*0(1Y,,'QAXAF%LR6PWS9AY,13``2
M[%".^Q1QEA!MDLJ777@A_DN1S>0F(1Z8&
M[6Z.V+H&9H*9"23#3KVPRYS%G;9_/Q/!G_LS@H6Z=.X3[=-U`LN9(_&P27XA
M!-:44)S=.6T-AX\Y;F"9I'W=U+\G,1V%;?!AFQ4RV,]LSA+F@+T7]C8^`PW/
M1K1_\!DIDB2;;3AQ>SWM>8='@?29A#=PY6_@TOJ\@8N_]JA?R[OD:B]N#YML
MZ\7Y`Y`Q[);G9.32V`8R,AY<&@_0MBL?947'4;2BM>?3O($XERHZ
MD!IM*SFJ[J=>`\J?+W,L]W>/-T\W=]]^$CQBTXF6/PO+_,JY3MY_%OYY_?!T
MW9Q>_,K?!#'*=J60^A;?C#"4`H>N<3RPYE1+KNU-K1SV>6RVTG9%8Y+<++_<6/-T3A2_)RDQ4/7N]9?<=K7]D#CFY7>QY&`/[4"KZK/5'<
M8Z8/YWPW*D:UCI2+=H"-?VJ>>U)/53O2^-P!!A[R',JRPOG8W8.H]8;]?C<8
M6.,`F[)>_2/!#2'K*C=X&0G,OM/$\OC(4"3'J#"W;\/S7]=;LO0N6,7@`.:J?Z@
M&S:*LW&'MQ%'ZYR3W>8DYR+GXD?.]7]QYUXPX8Y^@XY>_^/.:^/\?\$J@;ZR
MQV8S+@+=L$F2TA&KQ/FX(]6O=V6('^?D,7B)G(O'P$4^&OZ`\KR+@FM"6#<]
M.=LXVSC;.-LXVSC;.-M:P;9.K'U[<@/#9B6$9V2K;ZYKS;ZW8\_'V:UJJLPB
M@R3U5(T7XQ]]&N%`"P&/,AUT@`ZOS*,K]G2E(VU?'>#J04_G818_'B4?6W(Z
M]9[58M]0^_:6FG
MHXY9^_@;ZI_7R5TFG(C'Q>:1_3R[N*AS:P.%;9^>^.&:
MKN0B+\L1$NOF?%RG)@D&R`5.U!7>R-J"MM'IR6JE%Z[M$G*LNL,E:ELVT(6K
MSJPEH7)=9:Q)GELH3W?CTQ.4`LS#+'D:;4W:M`XN4^Y.3^(]A\.>
M((G2QJ>E95$8NY[P)_E\<'H2K_(K+ISA'L80E?0B1B&]AS%>^(?[`A-;[Q"P
MY$*[40DX&C\D#>X%O;)>K1%Q1FW>!WKCI+B-6R.!5Z)4J1"5)NH#,<%0-'!Z
M#O_(FB@8%FDMH3KX^K-6*;?RA]U83,$%6<%U8`D]P%(YJ;\U>70A2Z
MH1)KUK+=@+@[IJ;!Q=7\7)6T#1]C[U$G)A@NS\TR\2;(4H\FOK<=GF,HKV]O
M=;5X+K5Z^DGC]=9-BD7+NBZ^N:^I?+BD]Q+)\1T'E8O*A]0@4D_A*]`^MN*X
M(F9*<0P[I#=R@M;"67$,`P1)XPY5MP^
M[O"XCW?FP=U1AQ^6W_SXPS^^&IXY$23Q:,Y^M])'$?G5W>3GG@[W=#IFY%JG
MZL#)&1Z-HFL__]MQW,')T8XA9N^2HF_9R?\_=Y6C[:I4?\9^+6O8BQBWG*U:TK"1$/VWQ'UXY,@)
M;Y9M"\]$F!G62##&0=2B.+9LVKUF!`3;W(*)Y=-N1M<+X&G"%]>;"I)X]@_:
M%?QF^(+EF/9\%/9PNO`$3S#GGD<`0-@M8_D#8`MI2!O`.0-@+P!D#<`MK]1B3<`
M=MS4\`;`5O*?-P"VLX)KU?<7WK^(0Y:/';[B;,E8=_%<4@I#4M=4]\I9<;CK
MK/+J>6O14FX9`:)>Y9&G9)I[26DX;
MA)KNXXF\C_P].`)MP4D_)^K!$;?WX/P((.%/?_UQ[I^]&,;LIT?!>>B4/&5A`MN#/\TY.PHXAW$>7O(AH,"W<1;>X[JN37
M'^FU!4IV$]7+Z5J]CM8Z'J+P6TZC*=E[I?@X]]QZXZ6"YZ=IG
M<.)Q1@#+H0YG@9>"W8[A.%EDZ/FOR@#0[!QS3[.-,*,4T_2--1;J8U&LV4-2DW3FQ2QJY';Q]F
MKF_A?*2ED3D]"5PZURR^4#K>6*=EEF:@?-P]+D>NO*2>*!UUS^21\T_NR5V)
M25L8R.2U.C//@K^CO>&A31,&1Q4U;G".4V$I?;4;ZHIS+\O<=*71LA-!SRJ/
MQLU/F\S/#Y+4EH"'9]8J2M)(_?XA&,E3:_MQ3>E4;JU=1F4T)P)8#UH0.X*O
M&\&<;E(X/;&MJ170Z>/H\J-2I,$:&:
ML#%'4WG=F/CNHMN:S-5-1QI:7N**#8B\N+5V-[7?&RH\\5XCOP]0
M_;@J3FY]SI:S;?7*#M4:'_%>E&T661OB_V5[&TI=;D#\TII?L\7;4#KI&G)F
M<68URJSM6C(]*B1CID7.X13K(RV^S(.Y1RZFKA=8_T/SN]?O,^+X!+MRG][<
MTJ,LA+ECA=^R?%>5I<'WWQZO/N%0$&MJV/[?/IWU/_TBJW(8#:W0V`70.OAQ
M.4Z,'@D\J@GT1+F_&[V=0*YC2:F1H$'&
M()G:1\+H.T;",.-)BL98<_S'M[NG:T'2A$B-`YSJS\+=T]^O'TY/;N^^_7KV
M=/WP5;B]N?A\Z2N5M/X?*"0Z
M_"/;3H0#C,_1/T"F>0VL`TZ$:$H?\2$X?`A.)X?@=./@I^A[JAU]HM?!FI-_3]8-T
MR;>JXZVL9KHE+X:]KIN.4P&UK`)4'O2Y'JJ1[0?MB3I(9T'+>Z+**BB:?>4J
MJ0&5I$J\UN=(59(B=Z3DAYRR*#W
MQ$%;IO(=I5EMR0#104]5CVB`**_/;&4560E[QDO^VE_RA_]'?\>4_>6H/5HO
M5OI&`BQONO=C&^?&>24^IO@NS,!Z;:`2ZTQ2^Q)3BY4?NM1J
M+G-"1G.;Q.6/G\G8]:E2QTN5NDTZOJ^K8EW9SHM-].I97O!L;%796+VG]WGF
MM49^'R#S.NQI@XYD63G;DL,+-+F;1\OC-N.
M-A?#2%I/5?1NJ"/.P"P&JCUYR`N:.I:%._B=(B]HXLPZ2F9UHOKL9N/UY'&Z
MM.U(@F210<::--X%5Z,0M*0F3=9ZHM21H8&03K@5/ED>>
MGMBN\W(6$&\JC`#G'MT<;OB^:UJX5R^LK002"A[\Z/=HO25^Q"=3Z\QPG#E6
M7*X^1$S7&]$/S8P%DDX8X??B4DLAJK3$?^++F5(:`4G&ZS!SUV'*Q>LPI<,4
M1/+7\M=VZ;5-%19>S8EP!3J2OK.VZ+YMY5Q?#),(_S3L>W$36?!MGRMACJ6K@'W86J0KYT1X!H&+1BPR[[WGJ!XF)T"#&Z-Q9"
M6B4[!VC^E/FX^>9:E#[&IX_X)KBF?-$/-\X*IC9TH3=NQ+H!<6.RQT"XEN`RPXH?,3B#>:+=OJTX,A=03Q3U&GO&>NJ[."A'/
M]8'VYP_+>2X#>/C/X?!S&?C0,O#5\,Q)HE^3[]+B0B`/N!!\/"'(<,6Y-N""
M<#P:H84S$M?[*R7:7JFR6!Q#O-LR(9=YX/M!&7\^U'C0\[%E0#D7U2&7@0\M
M`U^-A<#]VX_(>72Z!#Y([@-R_IO[2@,;?O`_)/NOB!FQ_PBXW]GK76W]>C=C
M+P8/=VNXYQUH/-S]B(P_[\O\GO>CR\!@R&7@8\L`O>+C?N\'YKW,>?\!>;_T
MP/G9_^#\/XKSW\([W"_DV9L;7F(4D$[O5C[(=DNGVN\=/7#
MRT!?E;D,?&@98(WO,>3VN3G86PQT+@8?3PPNYB]S/SB*ZSW.^W*\/X9SWXFK
MW:S2Y2&+%P]Y><\N5W'5,%X]EWG0^^%E0!GPTN6/+0.\=/FC%H]LX,W/76=PQH99%%A`>T/*#E6JT:QBM\`!&7@7-)&7`9
M^-`RP(N3/R[O+V:>91^%6\M9SVN3.?\+@!,%74=Q^#MQ9[NA5%F66-QXF%NY
MN&L\R/V(;%=YD,MEX%S4>:GRQY:!V/@>A;O#K4!9[A]#@2+G/B],YKS_\(7)
MF3`?O@Q9X67(3<@U[[S]D&S7>!$REX%S6>4R\+%E@!%GRQ^4]+TO^
ML*SG91GRQ^0^+T/^\+P_AG.?)ZB-839=VY\9\`LU$>-.O!C>R[O;NX>?A/\2Z?\^
M+>4&,Z?^6;+7).$B\\\T:!9._?1+W?7NMIX`_
ML@Z?LLLDX%3EC^2/Y(_DCZSTD8T6J,DED_E/;F#8+!X\<5]]XE[L\8XK_L@6
MG:16GI5&'GF<1.#DX.3@1X03X8,1
M@7M7[?&NVMDOG)J&I=&MO`HK53P_6T-AM9*A/=/'9,(M.:178.W&X_L&KS\
MD?R1_)'\D35Z.;Q_JN%LW)_H"PZ=A,LB@R3UAC(?@L$?V9JCU642<*KR1_)'
M\D?R1QXJ2==%+;TIPZ<-\?]2'F`$@5)76C%^:7.E
MB+0/2OR))?EL!]W$;++]+%"*/-[\O^N0MC'=UKF;>#IE4OR&SWOQ-C%`E/9F@1/521__PIIZC'7]G\C4I^S5_+7WL,KVUJ
M2L?5G`A7H"/I.VN[2RAM().]UOM<]Z2P_F*81/BG8<]KQOOPC]Q.P.(F;>-#
M2O'A,4`K3W_TPNS%ZC#$#OC067(2Y#%:BBTQ,N/EQ\RJF@5LG.
MEM1J(CL6_S&9/$MD7O/$[PGYT1-$/)KN&3Z/K#WSR%JH;=N6&_KAQEG!-+5L
MVW(=_R_;E-*Q&;%N0,R)P(G`B<")\,&)P+VK+GI7!7V2;VY`_'I=D*,](%Q+
M<")P(G`B<")P(G#WJ56?[N*P?%HCJK)"U>%>_#\5/M1[9-ODC:C*/5$4"X-2
M19-]%WI*"J/2.$_E\Z$63;CG#.PB`Y5S,1Y/SQG8109^359Q2!KG9&0[`P]?_LH?R1_)'\D?R1_)'\D?F<.CX?L!C]_I5GH\_;FN)RZ3JOQ`LLG!%Y19ZWCN0\H+O>]I;]1A[)B<")
MP(G`B<")T#$B<$^J/9Y4)RIG-=IWJ+!2Q;.GI=XM]62>/>TP_\1SD1?/=IF!
MTKG.Q[CP1_)'\D?R1Q[9(ULXQ8/6'@ASQYBZ7@"_'PDCRS?=N1-PE[HBB_Y#
M_R#EOW\YKK/#'\D?R1_)'\D?R1_)'UG6NV2N`7CWSC&)`'\D?R1_)'\D?R1_
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M+J3,"*F-35L_V^?SOJ??CF#S]+_K:AR$"S7"7U%QI9#1I>`
MN6<]S_'I][;A7+I^@.]\<6B50JV$D74Y39A<4*TC\C@Q/`+TP&]-9X`PI=2%
MYQG."R7LY\7J(_?&`G]U\69XH[L9?M"_?B>>:?D$*'A//,L=T4CS!@$`XIF4
M337306;HT`12><@8/N["`;$RX14@2\@._]ZU+7-1FBJ_H*Z(5$4J?1#E"I[N
M[G\2)'WVOLP>?+Y[>KK[^I,@SM[+1:!VU&(#2.:.8GIXD<:4*['FI^#:E
M&;)!E3>`&AN`?\_]P!HO$NJ["/"_$V$::@KX!H+_'()O)L`';OB!8`0"''_A
M!00E$$9&0`3Z40'^CK\?@^)!50\B[8[Q-ZCI(;1"^(H?7HA#
M/,.V%\+8G<,376$,`G5ZLB"&Y_]%F/OX[/!;GH$&\\P&90"8!Q-W=+Z5*1F&
MI[@\KQ^(Z%3Y3^Z%^9^YY8$61?SI[^K5!XHV'#(F8QLX*<`]UR1DY'_QW.D#
MF47?NQL_3EPO>"+>%"WQ5R.8HR&Y<9XF'B%?`9^)?^?=$K]FY,XDO<_@MB?$
M*4U&;)";%V#R5\/[@Z#$7D>27"MFDC)414:1;P2F-K_G?NZ9$Q!\_]&PP0#X
M_MP`8?%EC$
M?T(@EEYI[;:M7H/Q-$%AG\YKZ
MX0QBGMN+^T=XA`D`&C,?@IMGUQL1C]8PF'#N_)EA@NPL?YX9HU'\E#Y:;YU6Q%X'=-(^5\LI]-$7JA?C
MPS^R/M*)!R3=!S^W<7P@1$EAB!.$,%#HP`'NQKGYZ$Y%:P]5.X>0/*YRG4(R
MU7EZ$J4F6=)WN!YLJ8C^5%[?[%\BMH1"ZHF#X1Z05%$U%L.RD27M]#%:6_\G
M]12Y(_5_+6SBIA>KRUL1*R!3_S@54!6'K%)-I.X34G!-U.:V?:G7'_8[J9+:
MZ3/]YA##YKX29WZD+E++-)3:5[A^.D[]I&G=U$YMT$4WTYEAA=>-RUH%
MKH^:T$>RRO71<>HC6>]F`-=.;RD,Z2)7B8=TC2FH/L\L':E^TCLRUIB/<6E<
MC'?1+:M7IC8J=I19G>C5O]I89GB9U8WZC.I468ZBIT131+TZ^VB+?GCE4V=.5COS4C?8B>+08B?#%O!&
MSW)>N/=<28;EOWZ0>G*_+N0\]ZGW=VV3G!8/<^67>Y-`"V_Z?G,\
M`F_&D1$OAN4(6*/)+_V:U6`_#,6VW/H=DX8Z9#+]A_Y`[9(J:J)M/"
ME#X84^T@QK36,IG:^5F#*U0BQ_9=B)TXQ2U\WKK<@Y1A,/CB0/%$W)/[0]X/'%4\83N\G`7$FV:K)'Y_T*R"^D'JJ1JO73RR^P/Y,(/<^.U!]\)Y?GO`;P^Z;U7;
MX>WSVX/C\_;Y[4&%(L(3TOSVH/O,VG[PDJMOZ<];U]X6V#JVOKJ,UJU_1N?JC$8Y(&*V:4XFIO![P9N7@T6\'%O;MCQ+L::,9#9)9!;P5D'/5H3.?IB
MP;O(K?6*NX$#PWFQ`$LJBK_31#@97;P"0U_(;SX9S^U;:UP%9_Y%#"^)D/CI
M%V6%QQZPK2/Y;3Y])M[=^#,N#R7P13]^=`4X7#N!%2R26-Q\^[*&Q^;7;UI"
MF%Q&BEN-O[C>([/(=[7FU[^P02^$JTO'CYDK3?$I_N<%[C%M=H7AAO5^%6TP
MW+G[(5I9:QO!^J"A9^*0L14L-Q@*?(%AT06&@R%?8'BXU_*]B=VYM^:7]YP(
M&:>VF>61DOP!,K!K8!VP%*2=Y5?H9J.D@0O$UT[RM9.E27?(M9/=)IVXQR3K
M:HW.D>C*=A;9\56$A4]<=9=N6620>U)K!G+QB[B*&)Y!1ZFG#Z6#<+?RL\=9
M.1#U;K"RA565-QDISCC]&;BG)_X&"\4-4WV&::#IW`0=E=[J]^5N:"C.M-4K
MM6$7S[XEGN:-T[4*]E%#T[/*/!A!;
M)^>EZ^"MID>FWKF
MWKBH"S+'?WR[>[H69$F(E"&`J<+C'J]__0JNL'#S[+IYN[;\+%MROA
MU^N[7Q\N[O]^O(<57WTA*GA&*$V[&$I@CW':WK!G8.43BPR%I8E4_28^?B0J?$'\7JG)_`D
M`4^5X2Q6A!O^[`N7])O7[\2
MX3.(8&'4$O6,N_@'(PA?<2[U_9^%.\<&7M&_`!7]Q(>_6J;G^NXX$.(JGM4?
MPT=<(]&0U!0[_,T567_*>>N$]FI.4+^A="'/7SR,$Y'+WMP,0/>@$*-\KF0X
M$J?E,LQHC;A!C2[8;QSH;46HER(01K145$#&:,2+W`9_;DZBHP@F;40\
M>X&R/@M+Y'P*N!^Q^UR@+@B5-N`IH(^6&\AK4=\+?[&"(2+;$H!01"/\,-*V
MJ-X74&S\,UJ\\^Q&JB&$'PF[_+KOAD](4`P>$9XHW[6)#228>P!.2%A\-=(;
M43.$Z3P`PV3'],5##O"#=7VU@L6Y<+$$FK*(TC,\]FBP7/`20GHA35W0/:_$
M=FJ>']0>A?X669A!/&GCL5WB:6.0%8[,":V2O*@`8,J=(3P$J&[POA
M2+YU^2C0@:@7EO*S4AA`N&PQEAB95X"/`S06B7,M"^\PQ&"(N_
M0LV^U/PA\,MS"5)F``>\&8HC$6SD=RA\K,@#0<+3L#RY2:'-.A%3JN;]Y!]6
MBH&*7`B.._Y)&%O$1BFR0>N^_"R0Z*A5!`*H"&&6(A9$N%.#
M*43'>XV"2?KV8IKA\U=4>_9<8Q2E\$(7=>V4_AR?43@Y(1T2))O,P0F!@^?#
M>^@O;/)BV#\+H7-`?DY:9?`ZB#EQ7-M]6?R<$)B$@J!OAM>!9)'PYQ`WX-//
MJ(5],`]X+N%3B6]%;P6P@L".O`DCBMH``8@/K(B]IR=+F?`)UO@"C.T[=;\3
M86*\HA8U#5#)RW,W@\#%0X4&\0OJ?"PA9UT=8#H@CE2/;U9H'$'RHID?8P@F@-X+X$;2X9NZK_B?
MI6NS[EG>7P)6WN@-#N#*B0TU_6Y7AUK`HBY9;_GKZ^DS&6&Y"K[N]"37^R)_
M3EBZ4P_MBS^?@FJ#1X[0"-GN6XD*
M[7ZM."ZSZYOE?7D6U@5^E7I/A,/*SWECF=.3I;2Z:,IP^5
    
     1
M2VZEU<6*&]TBM40T&)\M?1:OGB5^>GBQC6+SEHY^[!QMM`2(Q^&GO@#XW
MH?,N06)0@D`ZEJ]H+SM3H?OJ;&PZ9)MB_2Q6?H8?@8&/WT+B&R-@70`TA7@&
M):+%9&'S%KLILR77D46F;<:[S0ZEPWFWF!E"[M>,^_RC\[F5*%"JQQR/NA)
M(M]I5"?GR_OK>[,9-)(R%+NAD3@#LQBH]OIZOQL,[$3DLZE@B!N;!HR-W--D
M'M0[+(34V7^2=)'>%?"X.7G26:W+;4;%NDWE#G4^*.5#E)PYZB=F1Q
M$V=@-@-EJ2/#_3H1R&PL0>=VIU&[H_<&$C<[1ZJU^CU9[LAR<,Z_3/ZI4C>S
M9VTP,;\YB6DM8H*`1N5)HP*CQ-=JPJ25,Z
     
      223BP.P'!M:X1>[''ZKNVH8NT/
M>T-5X5YK?0P_Q(A\N:?J/`'2.;YI>D]5!MW@6^DNK<::5FIQ-+0A_E^VHZ'4
MY0'$+ZWY-5L<#:637B%G%F?643*K_)82/M<(6
      
      -$.%(EU,XB>3[GB.KI=MP09XY,D7K#/J]UK%$(VC(;
M1^[)&J]\[!POASUET)'Q5"VLH.
      
       +?:Z\O=+$QJ9X3#YQD=T-+\(/?Z2ENBE[]P"U,)=X&IZF$&X:0YR/E6B&]2
M;Z`.6\VW%D8H?&[1@6V(I/1TF0]@/5*E)$F]OMJ1_`EG8#8#I:[D+3L1L/"Y
M12VQ.SU)T;C9.4ZMI0TZHK(X]S+>+>MZ-[C7PGCF@9BN8UHV5BT94W?N!/S2
MI9%4F-+3HD[AP]L3G@JK**6B]&2=I\*ZR#=%/H@-J305QI3S\?E$?.0-9Q9G
M%I]/U"5/M1W5I_*@)_7W:'CB"8\65B?*:D\<=B18YGS;3CU9["G'M#WSL"TS
M?+)*=
       
        !!,B
M4/!\P7AV7PF]"GTFMOL&?S;M^0A^,\)7XSVI+P2N`,\9N]Y4<.?>Z8F%UZB.
M80N&:>)#\?$SB"-,B]`/_W;^>"[\>G%Q3Y]KNM[,]2#$.+/)*[%/3PPSL%ZM
M8`%$!TQFQ+3&EFG8]D(P@L"SGN
        
         8P@^>4$(SH5'(`;]E!/L>OW$"(21
M-1X33QA[[C0!C$=L@`*>?'KB`23.G,"O3!>>'%BNTT/4L='8#^!3](+8M`W?
MIZ\-/S`B,_B"%?X$>`!R0%4OL/Z'_DIPQ_!EU_SC[-GP<6W!F^&-_/.M@=4A
MI")!3$J`2$*`L("W+[P1#]CO"V/7!H'P?RH._X>=Q*7S25R'>RV?Q)65MFYG
M%WHCC^1$Z``1^"2N>A+.:V!U=;!#;3J<3^*R^20N/HGK@*3CD[@JUI7MK+B^
MW!3\;V%548GRYTLT[N\>;YYN[K[]%`;[UBOY65A&H.
         
          7%[=G
M%[
          
           I.-(L,/ZB]OK2'8N"%?.V^9@/^
MRGU>T]=Q%BI2]\O[FI[%DT@+F^YT1AR?IHQ/3\@[_D".T]*TK$Y<4]M2)'Z4
M-3@';3K2.K)JFW,OX]T#WN5::1O2ZG)S>;?'^Y&:LS-]1>9VYC@UE=+G=J:[
MW).[XB6T,(2Y"R;$X^:C`?/Q@Z2VI5?@F')@!PU/>)]`=YGW@]3]R6Z\G95W
M2')F<6:5958GVEF?W,"PC]-%;<>=+1^T4A.?#W"YQ^>K=(U=1S16I78^\L;4
M5K;/'=SGX\SBS#I*9E7
           
            B<_N8*OF&'[
            
             *F]7"]F,@R=CUA*GK$>P^=@1)_#.V`H\MWS1L88&M
M)MAETC"OK=L.(9'/B\$[-*>&O^&9[\0]P7
             

             QWNXU_(^WJQ\
M?3N[-WD+*R?"3O^3]_'R/MZ:=#COX[5Y'R_OXST@Z7@?;\6ZLITUY;\Y$-R/
M3D\><3B6SYMW/_A%\M:0%5^CV)[W@Z$EXJ/5'KR([(
MMA;%"S0-[%F$=U
             
              4*))MO4+B#,QBH-93=*T;#.25
M\ZVI]>#%V)Q91\DL7CG/$R;!S_UA;Z@JW&FMC^$'"*C[
              
               MDSB^%@RCPNF3.(%!GSD[OJK3_\\G=N!Y="B>\,67._%<**U
M48>NF%\OY\XA?D5DN[)%9F%G`MWH1=[#_5^K4GP_73KO6ZL55S//'
               

               'KKGB9?!=?R\ODNU,
               
                I2\3)Z7R=>DPWF9
MO,W+Y'F9_`%)Q\OD*]:5[2R3_VJ9GNN[XT"X&X\QT/07?D"F+'OXS6J=I>BR
MV!LH>R@K?MO:PEN[+#I*@]Y`XS>PQ\++X;`C
                
                 +'>DKIDS,(N!:J_/]TQ5N=20
M>*_$B^_7PFO.P(4PCEN;)JR-TI.UMNP)X=:F:F4E]T2Q(R6*G(%9#)1ZBMJ1
MR+2%T
                 
                  8
M<68=);/XS#G>&<%GSM7/<#YSCO.-SYRKE:$UJ/5-5IA/QNJ0.\B9Q9EUE,RJ
M>.9
                  
                   :<<-X)G1]NG3D\`5?/(2#D[#_=B6$T[M$CR"]358=A/M
M%(^FH`D7`OV#ZPCN^/3$F.(/X8@T6J`S(O!YTPI_8>$`-CJ@#<=1!1/@F&>Y
M
                   
                    %TR,8`V':)K
                    
                     CA5GG$"WD\
MMAS#`0K8@*(?>/-0($)^CHGGP;<"XYVD)[CA7OEHE7DH$)0\)H#EN39=3.^#
MW,P#UUO0A?:&L^@)T2@W9!J?Y<9GN77GM7R66U;2NYT3O!IY)"="!XC`9[G5
MDZY>`ZNK\XEJT^%\@!L?X%::='R`6UG2\0%N%2O(=M;3A7O.A6C-.<,4?CE9
MU>5DY@0HO:<.^0;Q&H6@+:.^]-Y`XAU!Q\'+84_I\PWB?(-X=TJYY=Y0YZ7<
M=3+^H!TF:I^;ED[S3^EFA]!6`'DI-Z\.YLSBS.*EW-UR7=N1+9&EGJH/N,M:
M'\,/$$T#4R6](Y$SY]L:WP9#7LK=!K6^R0KS@M,.N8.<69Q9C3)KNY9,EU7_
M.+)>\:>__CCWSUX,8_;38UB:^Q`7,E]9OFF[6+C[1-Z#S[9K_O'+Z8D@_#7^
MPE?#^X/0QSX2<^Y9@47\!P*`_0\9_6I8SJWK^S01_#0QG"
                     
                      <:WN)F.C,L
MCQ;,7H0UQEC_"F]X(.._?2*N_?W^6M=D_0S^)TF2>/8/492T[X]/5]^5OO8=
M*R7$OB)^!_&:.U;X+
                      
                       J3,"*F-35L_V^?SOJ??M'#"$E
                       
                        W"`^#=DB@LB.'YY\+O1"!PDN?P=5H)[A$3GVP\6[85
M+&C#P`J5J`X]>HUE&K:]P.K[P/@#WP`?!+1,>N
                        
                         6K6#QD]E9?N=.:1"6ZE?R4WCNE.R1?7(R!`EW//
M(XZY>`+$?)NR]F*$,H6G]LEXKU?1R**6UC1[PKN._"4V?UPXH^OW&3P+^%(K
M-JH\T.4T/FD0U@&\=@(0VM^M$5E9CCOG5^*^0&`PL
                         
                          0Y'Z
                          
                           *S3KI'
                           
                            L5>8T@C,[G@%;J'>AS+02U5#OZMPO-HKLAI.0J7R7YJ,%^9_
MYI9OT4;Q;>0\?A(>^CC>SSUS8OBD]7KC(@SPXZGKK09U&
                            

                            >17"S3HWZ]RLM^M,
                            
                             ^:Y^F@^VRC8VW3"/-5O<;D#,B<")P(G`B?#!B<#=
MJ/:X4?^?O:MM3AQ7UM^IXC_HY,Y4S58!:QM(PNSN5"4#
                             
                              S6!&.WI'Z>;K6DEIS.HY/^SW8M_B06
M0B7Y/XF^(C)?L5QJVX^V@$AMF7`9WC!XA'U(9QG9@X1[QZ9%:@@90H:0H6=,
M-V;R_MX4O*TF4W:X_?T-QY;BSO>,8:T;"'9AP,[%,6PI/%7PEOERWYW<$7+'
M87"YW(`,#[6.>3J97M'J&7G1='I]T!'QP_-6,@S>AZ.`]Q-B]B:'J>OH,'<4
MM*7L'%T=7RY=0-3Q@/X"@@YNO)[#L5HZ5]*ZKCI!10[B;'D422X7S(X9E)Q6
M3ILX19Q=_'!))KO8?3#.&\>`#X=Q;_.8];,Z6ETN8SM<74/0$?0B@#[UXMD&
M/H4K;M]LT^>"]P-R*8_$9$+D--'QF%%(O=(R<-R67?QT?.ECAM'[H+>.@1X.
MW-X"6J.B&4<9;^?)Z%(:SC5R$,HAZ!LONN9A'09AW]36*_II'EX`EHD%N(X\
M03J@MJO.T)99E&VFEN)P3+?[C#P-PY/LHH
                              
                               /#ONB7$>T]I,[F(F-Z@T/=%D\V&=^7F[,%#V8`+^EMCJ+[UB*"
MA6`A6`@6@H5@(5@(%H)UA*4-8\NEC3L>4&>9(1E>O#C"^5))3=6-2E/#%/E\
M8-G"+>NY`/)#73M*OFCV%SE2`B!XU7H+%XAW-!V:CD._DC3;R$-N"Q)@>QWK
M#5S_*C@#((`^7_OZI8R0(,>O-Y]^MSR<;K;D;_)407U?8_BXT#T7LV:JH)[)
M>1T$"\%"L!`L!`O!0K`0+`1KA;I61_8_!_)UJ^//\E==L^Q'>>77GT-1?:#4
M^WAK#I@5.JS;_R?GUI/M.'?L.;ATN/GC4[E$R*_QC6W6"]JV,!TN0I]-;B(F
MX`$?;EC_MQ/&G?OKSGG3.*_"CZ[K6O5?FJ8W[V_OVO?UT^:]?(&M=EK7[K63
M3[(^4746UI9FWZNKG[_P6F"3R
                               
                                QW.^!^4(5
$9=VP;^L*QMJ5;PBW^Z,MU=L.
M?=M]('V@#77(B%&?2`94RJ4G1GSF4=LB[_2:1GKC=Z,2W@<^#8?,-VUXP*,>
M\RO$8?11BOF;^;Q
                                
                                 PQ>1RN23DN?D6H8)0TJ/FCVKH
MD3[WB12\J#CB^?S!I\,:5(G0H7PKO9"*]QFQ?/KD$OI`;5<$)!BPI0I88^2H
M.Y*8R#M`HLTMD.#Y3$B;L[91_RIK?I-!?.7N0R;LX4)(;2Z]=SPV"JGF0*Y_
M$Y/Z_D@"`%X_9&J''X."AQ34#B#9?O0%2)/0.[$"RB4+-%`AMFLZH301Z9X?
MF1_8\LW;X^\4`][I>JTUH:&4_TXW:GJY%%VJ@'D*CYF!_
                                 
                                  >K\XFC:W#"WN.;3JC:N!#/VLI78Q+*9>2`5&55(:K[,WSX'G9HZ;/
MZWRC`9AK8#.EM`4R*`TP:@YB0W:AMP:7_,B40Q:JF7#=9[0?R'=R`#LHZ+//
M'8<_B8^;MU9+;NPO1+7C]NJOSE@C<6OGX[L9Z2J`B4NX[-ZT.S=5"*6^7ES?
M@@@3*D@]`3%3C_L6\U7\:3)')G2;0,K)9X]:5OPYBE1U37N_.H)8?&/]S`OM
M$R=-(Z$MD/G*Z"U^I+'RB1U
                                  
                                   ;)R7Z&Z\J:`]U7RMR#BO)OXY\-
                                   

                                     `WPHX_JW#)H[*MQ=#AS0V-YN;`
                                     
                                      8D-N'Y-RJ['H%`LI,DC,E
M5&PB%0O=7:?61R8
                                      
                                       #>9Q41"[HB0S
                                       
                                        'N.+-DLMH[DV\CYI>RR1,5Y)W>.HL7
M[**E_T:S7!HFK_Q_Y\24Y
                                        
                                         M':FCF2WYW#CC@LIRWQ*L+[3Z"S49^5-FKNVWW<<7N5Z!;PBD%H5LA<-M('MY]=$?
M1Y_ETE74FZ]#9IO^6-]UY6]>,)O=#J2S8Y7')E6GWQ\'S\@KY-4.<
                                         
                                          O2`+Q6.S]KOB\L\L@!:?PU
M,'[D0*$Y\(WZYF!F9UZSL'1`$DPC,"1!\4B0$(JC-T`BY,
                                          
                                           T1@LY4&@.?*,C@O%M$9%7K^S(PUMR
M$?D-JQ._^`@-OY#PMYD9P9\#]#.[O-N<7][-V9'!*:6^7CEKXG"WB,#73@U<
MYRTZ!\Y:R(%B
                                           
                                            #2X"!]"$>1B>0^QWP[[/-A])I9VDU*76\OMPB$O[ME%%[<;X!LU`P>]A>=`
M_0Q3EXO-`4Q=+BKRF+I<5.0Q=;G0\.
                                            
                                             S7;-@,]O?9<#6B/A'=4X
MH,4!+7JUW0!?QP.(D`,UO7Z&'"@T!S`YN;C87WB^[>0BK$7H,3<9\=^@.M&@
M*Q?&GXDUVQ6IRH:^W#8
                                             
                                              T<4Y6+S8&X\\U%N(.]
MP+;HYR%!$=''Q&3$OO")R8EU/GX:
                                              
                                               DY"+BCPF(1<:_CPG(:=SP38Y+;F!:
                                               
                                                8II
MR<7F`*8E%Q=[3$LN+/28EEQL_'.
                                                
                                                 C5]KAF5\=!+7+@
M5$<.%)H#F(:,Z&,:
                                                 
                                                  %1N-"8&>,._+B^G[M?
MNS
                                                  
                                                  ;*J-M,[%J?M\.Y7W+W!
MM.AFP9\^'_Q]YNXC\P.[YS#29KU@OX'?UF2>ZLM(I:T<1&0^E8#J0'6@B:`2
M"J8$C*[2$UVE<[_PPFE83?56WOHRJW!^=@^)U09.SQ81>`W/=RX\!_3:>0/?
MRIN*(`Y%HD@4B2(/+3*%.RU5<@8)73KD?@#7+6+9PN2A&RPW!4<$.P\*/IRU
M4A(1_)2)80"*Q*`*M8HB422*1)%'#E67ED1P_U2>*)`:D5FK;S9$9JV^*!)%
MHD@4N<
                                                  
                                                   2Q
M)NFRZ*57S?`U6_)W(0*,:E#?U[1B7.B>BUDS>UG'V
                                                   
                                                    MQE;B`([Y=+#G
                                                    
                                                    ?($WP/8DF?.PY_$O)/6?C\/JBZIO9!:1^75>Z]H#
                                                    
                                                     ]/NW%0A+OQZ<7T+(DRH/O4$1'H]:"?S
M51AH,D>NO9NV^S#Y[%'+BC]'`:.N:>\G,)I,JNQDGCJ7[,%V(_+\SJ@5D2=Q
M:!$)K1OO3UY)]?B1U4_LY#(6B\7FH=A#G=+1#AEI@X]49>YM+6'K#G)VK_5;
MEGL66OV%FHS\29UPS^T^OLCU"MR\2ULI9"L<;@/9RZN/_GCVHERZBGKS=
                                                     
                                                      C0Z_3XS`_N1(9N036]&(SNT44.>*0PO]>5((Z11
M0D6OZ0@YA!S:@2LJEY`^2)_M7%"JN+-F:G5F=BS^
                                                      
                                                       [9_`\LO2<1Y9";YNVN:$/5^ZT3D/;<6SNBI_6.:6\=6+9J#$J`96`2D`E
M%%P)&%UE,;K:,";YS@,F]AN"Y-9`T$N@$E`)J`14`BH!PZ=4W9W%P_)5CFAC
MF509WHO_;F.C?L-LF[&RJ49%T[2-J[*+3?99V%.R<5,.CJE1:S6C$^X1P"P"
M6*]I\?'T"&`6`?PVF\6A-Q')S"*Y$'0@DIE%\CM_9,,>\]$P
                                                       
                                                        "!I9-7*U
                                                        
                                                         ,V7%%+.Z+%7'P=.N*'O6Q*%3=M%KXM`I\P`V$,`,
M`XA#IXP#B$.GC`.(0Z<\H)CQH=/:"N([`X^?_HHB422*1)$H$D6BR%=$-/A^
MP/P'W?4*3O^B2!2)(E$DBD21*/+04>9<6;@-><]W'^H4E\_61^8,LS(MNL
MM_9(SB.&ZVG?LG\0D:@$5`(J`96`2LB8$C"22D\DE8G,V:;:=UA?9A7.GFY5
MMEXQ8TP_AI-0V39[,,H%X[QV-<4"2*1)$H,F
                                                         
                                                          2VZ-2+4Z?4Q>G=X\F3V,I@KONM
                                                          
                                                          LUH
MDI[M.$`#POOD;^9S8O+0@X_F3`.G!%!@6R$CW"V7DC=W$=LEE'B^_0CT()Y#
M339D4%O>[S-?\H-<^]QDS!*D[_-AN00
                                                          
                                                           KS6@6+!D):5&+J2@1?SJFL)/KQ`)B-2Y27U_)$&9
M5E,Z!7.!^J!_*A1F$RY)E*24I$QEHNZNGY=+P_'=Z4/KV@=O24#WWZAO#N8H
M7BY)CD
                                                           
                                                            EDL*69.*@515
MA=A]0CW/L4VJGI9?5)(@CZHBW]WXBYC''\KT%0&&/>F8)0K2>3/>KTAJ2."8
MPTSY18UTP=RA.Z#]`$BQW$CRBC8JOKDC,%][")3Z8^HSA#):\#/J*8^.Q@T-
M/:E1*9,^//@,.A]6+DUL889CTV(EC>3ST#*+.3;(7E1-N31FY%H]@,Q8U3-*
MG3Y8+D5/+NHI=<2\9"8-!5,JFL&B7%)^>0BJ`I">!EQVXJ`&C\+WJD<7+`@<
M,$))1:5!@$<&!CYT^;9T[`$'+3!X`&"!^ZDYMM6^M`,HS+$IV+8=C,8.&!Z"
M/T%[@#KX=A'!5BY%;DSV`$/JNDP^#5KU65_J5"CUNMQ=="$$X@F?/X&O*9=D
M#:`-S)7N#P@LP!%Q$8BHOB9_<)4_@4(@#A%0%]F[@'>SN25JY$Y5`[R7%_
                                                            
                                                             ]8(8U6HQYKG
M9!@7(2,HI1%/^C_NJNJ^(,1G'C076B-]KM1ZG]J^#*]#D!,9!O?&ILUC_-55
M6?7TL?5*>01W;$PS*I'QAW2$<\:N*,D4XA:)W*/GP=\F($4"B$\%58+`[RE1
ML6N--*+XRGQ%>>FQ!EP1QG9M:0+$"\')40&:5UYCZF/&!`<]TWX?&`Z,&)-H
M9?%2;+DD8Q`S4(8#N%DAM,8#>:XJS+*=,/8\C/HNX"FF_2^1\95TWI.N>E8/
MX$I=BXVM;E45I*Z`65&3+!5'S;)C01>S8L9W"&66LAN:=\C0%$?^$SGJ0&TW
M
                                                             
                                                              :NV,8NK&F$JD*!#&MW^P*"11HXRHB#DU3"*6^1X@D@&M
M6!3PKGY6TT]KY9+$:ZJ.F?:*L;$K&[*D?W\'D=!PQK"E0_$M&0V#O!<,=+6%
MR5_UV;(?Y95??PY%]8%2[Z,\>ZH-D8_#!030=^PYN`2_\^-3N43(K_%-7=E3
M?P9OZC/P>P(ZNBMPD4/69BJ*AL_B?Z')8(F@W@OQ.[,>F/C.@F[_CCY?*\\'
M#_@,6M]FXW^EY050V@WK_W;"N'-_W3EO&N=5^-%U7:O^2]/TYOWM7?N^?MJ\
MEW&?=EK7[K43`-(>/V4+WC#TL_L_;MLGX&%,>T@=\=M)]?3D4_74.!MG&T];
MNH=&S&L)[OT,?1>,'AYM0.QR]`>`?>5VP;"H=)D78!R/]ICQ^VR\<=IJ-19;
M__K*S3?JG^#"OG(ANNX5V($(AJH[W6O]&_768NT3:S%?T5MI&U=JY-@.Y5!M
M#-FM<@F=H>?P$6/JINO($*\=\%@[:,K8ZRRAH"TV8LL:SC=S
                                                              
                                                               1S`9:JXA2(GW#3`:
                                                               
                                                                OVE?ANY&/WBJ+>:BZ1<(>57W!0
M,8V_2K,4W?Y7)@1C"8YMZT9_DOXS
                                                                
                                                                 VJ3HZ%<3*&,9QU,1DGYHR/):^A\>Z(HY2%H0@T%?+:1!"5=^9/.Q6T0K<
MT(?@G3^)CYM'
                                                                 
                                                                  8GT8Q7S**I6=6XA,ON3;MS4_W<_?KUXOH61)A00>H)
M=B*#=E"%6J.5BA`>*,%]F'SVJ&7%GZ/57%W3WD^0,E6T-P.4G.N]9`\0E(QG
M>W]GU(IF>Q/7_2.A+?W]9&[NI1S$Z)'&RB=VZ(M$W$Z9C6P2,;4^,J'+06IN5;9^FA`*98":*2'B
M69SPXS.54H*\W%7?W4B(@[+*RT+.A.$I"+F=?$AJJEYI-1-F=3)NLJ]!^TT8
MXX[*C?
                                                                  
                                                                   N
M+:M$VO$RO$SRX,(^P,IX0VLN+HSOHM(+Z1"):^L7OD_=!Y7O?CF:WG)-1_+2
MQ1/UK2_4]O^4Z4@70H3#\6+[C2U^?/$9NXH2'F]HP+[19[4$_795>0#FK(ZN
MOG\Y^:35-*,QDSMQH.8L*-$<,"MT6+??B=+I+L;IXJKTSCC-7RVW_3][U_K;
M-K+KOQOP_S"WZ`5
                                                                   
                                                                    #TS9!DNY>W"_%6!XGLY4E'XV4Q/O7
M'W+TL.PHSLNR)9EG<8#&ED<<_C@
                                                                   

                                                                    !)U@277T(\_2"M%UI>X!2D),-2]A3[$98.MDM/=.`4@N>
MGUK0IM0"2BV@U((<.50+9%%J`2TV2BV@U((->??M04&:[>4S3$SI!NL[2BMF
MD"FWZI+2#=8EFMU^(24S)W)(V09K4Y&]0LIA;C4D)1NL+=F`C$C*-
                                                                    
                                                                     N
M/FK>W)'O8P4B'SU-?-$B@N=]_,>WLZL39K!Y79%]&.WDX.+;Z;??+]GYR06[
M_./@XD1SUX\1>=$Q;=;5I[B29DI!FVJE-I_5T<>3\\OYG\/P15[2937Q=;
MTA5:@N)D[$['W;$PRZUP^346;DJI-;-0Y2Y1:)*-=)4'/5)0_FFO6CG&TCLP
M(A#Q_/?.2]Q4*X^\=VKYX?G\>`S2C=\'57YNDX5_XI(XX2"KB&6^BC[P,`O%
M=V?!NZJ5B?!N8#;L^+$W1-R1MFGY(['PHG",L-!//:H.B,D:\%=<`VV$9(P=
M=Z(K,24?"FMH+5;W&FKL\=>C!(>I9L$K$PMZ@Q
                                                                     
                                                                      BK"6CW?IM=M(HZ@S
M<6^*J9>B/RG#(L=#$A,*P(0MY-JTC!V(*2R0M=8\BBR?WG0B#QA#1
                                                                      
                                                                       4M<
M8HD3Z'1E.^/M#YD=ZYK$NE>RKCG8(NO*J"OS>?SX37CHZCH3\#9ON0Q+[CGN
MHK\=%FYEM8,/#X$K<,`YEO?WKQ?V->3#152DL<%HUUN=-ZBQM42K5Q&88PV;
MVU.'U/N-_7JO6Y#S:\+R"2SWZYUN,4MRE&*OS+33HM4<+<91J!=O*`64ZQZYV
M1$&5S015.@,R;TMJ((%37I1[GX1?.GX%;:2P56#IJDO6)DJ[D/8D@45@E1*L
MG3D.7D>::G2QCIT+E^FK==G:F*7-,J=4>V)">?5//B,HP9W3VL$O9
                                                                       
                                                                        7/V*/\DN*AUMJC5E1ORR$1(]PNRAI-S\MVT7W#S1O:+G*H
M>&"[H+S^PJ$&VT41*P$O7M%.W,$.GERL-?3D.?G26?(C0:2E/6B#=7/^$EC[
M`0NUZ,*%\P8P<:$8WQX)UYK%Y5N"I,>P'@L;N\Y$_]#DENE;/.BAA,5JDK58
MAL+DOA+XH'2#RC`*6\;<.;X%?B&_%?"(L*L5;GNR$16OH9HMSZ[9TN^]N&:+
ML9WB*65\+;6^*4YXC-A![*!B+52L)4^G8%2LQ2IRL98<,K%X95ORQT0JX+)F
M_9G/4[S+P,V-O6#MT:[R9A\"5X;@;
                                                                        
                                                                         W
M"]GP;;?"O-C;>R2"CO),+@=:HY+=>NL;2P6['YNA3X)&$/,<;,W=9'=
                                                                         
                                                                          .?_'^$Z#=/QI_#G2`SA#<+T7>E)W1Z=>[KDN.G8M\+U
MI.Z>+FU@DHJKMCN^NUBM1HZ9"0\#0_%W(QFP2Y>MGPAO;R[8!_KWZ3W3ZR!N
M0#]\#W``#@FJ0/;T2&SJ2A,><9F#W8F2+].$!W'X"?^I0_03)H"Q,BQD![,`
MANA*['%W(_@8*]6[8LEL6CH(0)J$Q%^`M,!70:%VH")A3>VQ2Y"7;XZ7F%G+
M>+"XL47G1W:,7-
                                                                          
                                                                           ]?HOOO4"I1-
                                                                           
                                                                            ^&:$H]WWCZA0.R7Y](;+,_EY<0M
M@<.E^R>W?'&@E/#45]VN0(S.[`MAM3U
                                                                            
                                                                             1OMUY+YYS/#3N^
M7&,\.LBK.'CDN%/'Y=[*ZS2OU&WKI10M/S6'`3:>=9/<6C?)AV`]JV=2F<]@
M>\ED'3VJW`MZ!I*]=AK/P;43+MAON5^#VC$H]!HLZ6H\!N_MEF-4*?
                                                                             
                                                                              QX_O:X
MDUH]GSE(A]S"`[8Z&Z)%@D=2.N(=-&/.VBS=Y
                                                                              
                                                                               _@\>[-LCYMOQ
MG]=
                                                                               
                                                                                0T
MD>(5)+\&W9IA_Q!!SF1)JS'E[$)/>W?-YAU&?7=;A!+\U]C2C?#?9?P[95C_
M&?K'ZS-JP*29NN(&[!EYJR\>H8U#ALT&9+S6S4MUX@]DT)!!0QL:P4_PDZY_
MTH[)9[CFW'?-&ZZ$JK/HVK'"^'^UHH3G64)?"R2[9A.RWL_+,3C9-;2QT<9&
M\!/\I.N?MFM6DKJ4+1H\5YI+&QO;]9[BVX)D9LW%G0*+8"/8"+8WWV?+^34`
M88^P'@[E_V=M^'3Z.;%[RIV5D!.P=Q;K74;=(-]V%V'OYR52GW7J08%S9!\S
M_CH#_"_=L&UG97%&+\WX-2L,VW8A?7X"JY#.(\%&L)4
                                                                                
                                                                                 Z,BTF\BW?
M<&/1!3>=SI=ZB8'%=QB8*RR.);4]AW%=UXK="$O7Q,5*`BL*S5!D(1/[LUL"
M\Y,""W1Z2BN<+C<0[$G8RU`=YE5GYE3I\"'A.:ER];*GJ8Y[FGBOM1#J0@'V
MH1OU?TJO=C[__LG2XL6[);Y!ED=UP.?\?,#@A0K7\X^?+">=2[[G#8'%VL]S
M[CY=:)G86[3BRF0TD-&0B='P5'GDC%M;KV71%V,?SGAK+P;%)!/$#M+J^3XC
MV9WRR.]?O*3>'MA*F:K1:;^8D`*UYMX=(#MEAG$7`260=P!DHUL0]4NE@S
                                                                                 
                                                                                  \J-MX[N&CJF4/K#XJS9,SAYC`*J1G1;`1;"6'K1`.\1:KEJ6<79#;3:E6
MI8:,SNL*#!XE5A48O$+F4_U/HX$5%-@5'UJ"'3JC&6LTYC_#3U=9-$O'%TLA
M_E5VS$C>XK__]8NO&M><3W_]S*7[)[=\$92`^2JX\ETQ.K,OA.F[KK2O#[F2
MZKOM#)5P;Y&R4WOJ>_"U8YO2DMR3CGTE[KU#RS%_?JI6&/M7-/BYZYA"C-1G
MUYE\Y9[O2D\*=>Z**9_I/J$']NB(6Y8Z&Q_<
                                                                                  
                                                                                   "
                                                                                   
                                                                                   ?)6LA>XD3XR[/Q
ML;R5(V&/5%`-2=
                                                                                   
                                                                                    ^%^BIM!]@P.X5IN4)YP+#%44[^X\/77X5WX\`WM_"()B=;
M1AC]9J^US(D-SFZ1K1?B5MB^P(5T#<3#F\X=2YJS>"V]FAF?<*F'*WW)W0A]
MBZNS
                                                                                    

                                                                                    89I!-I
M/$)DI/S^]I4GQ[.$;_42LB-JI0)/1Q,,?E*U
                                                                                    
                                                                                     G((&M6;P5RM1UAOC`'HN(O!8VR*1ES1;)9;;P
M`L)FS$/YK%;"X>"[,8@C,X%'()ZN;M3,E`^J_#\^$`\CN6(BO=#!NW9@`C;.
MBEO5"O=!?`-=MI=;W&!EPA0\4,+`,&[^Y-
                                                                                     
                                                                                      #
                                                                                      
                                                                                       L6N?@ZQZ((#1V^OL[D::-_@W2C5(
M"'P)@RB`18ZER5$NJI615*;CVR@:VCA3R#I?">9/0=7A=&QQQT!@%.I(+7],
M.6/O#NB.9\&D7B]X*`\_=>>LTJL&!TD.@$LE_"&\WT?C0W\&*^LZ6AG!P3[V
M'@=!`BVI@Q-#X=T)6+'1J//W(U(X!-(:?A;`YX;LFP\"TPN?3)"O8*T&Y0B!
MMYZTX!'N140'7^ME+T9[[`I^'0X+JR<8-WQJR%'VX-_P[
                                                                                       
                                                                                        @.@
M;\AQ(UY'B(Q<6O"7L12#3>R[F%>RL/ZU_.#XW(Q6"!+/E=:LIBNGVFRH:YJK
ME2'65[6O@X7NCO0R!V$"/N&\8CG4,IG0!'-1`C,$2)TQU,Y:%L(1@3GP"6B\
M<%$D=()6^@$N((I)"+3\HG#>::)Q.%S4>OE&4H_*`&Q]B<*([^11)1\MC!)T
M&L[,\3W8;GYJQ:8#BGI)P!,Q__7_+>4`"2LYM:C,'L('R"$:\UWLA@/T2+H6
MB*0\^':XM'`7]Z>@\$9"_2+L&T0QX,"3PH!0`"%H!:">?/Z29<&*'3F@X&P'
MQ%CKHSF?4\E9W`&0.)!@S^4XLP;`'%$5HP_6)-BTR$M+CB/],)?Z_"F("-Q$
M*-GQ@;W_-W3N6;O;9-=<[R?(=X$F-8JMMJW``%8.FDC_!CZ8`2>C7]6K%?@=
M<'KJ#RVI;G`;F($L!^H]B&;?<'>D10GO"3EVQ.]X^X6U-6>]MOF<._@*=UU\
M#E"P5:C]P]T!S'T!II4[EUD<(YY7"D7>C73!6N"N]F5Q!GJ]V7JX:#*PP&`,
M^'*R)`^:J&!4G$?"3`D'%_I;^'WX3C>'.\2Q5#"]&>,CD&%/*KU#NVF6-ZJ&
MZ*EP?>"T1\$`N,E>@MXT0:LFQF+I0VG6(8,X#`M6%'=Q`]*?J'`00!,V+84*
M;_ZTJ3=MD#?0:!SL>8`5=74(?_`FL/'!Z!`V6MJ3J07F/)`&OB,.AQ2%ZE,]
M0AHJP/`)5,\X+AINZ"[,389@BLDFO'DUK,0/&Z:+C#'^%\D(KXU4G?)+9^
M_,D0E@.H"OPQ*%3'_0DCS4VL2,$O3,)-*&7MNC2F+NX)\>06]W:UL)H24V2A
M,D=MN;Q)33&H(F%].!(&P1%&0DRT,H[4YM0'K'BP1\5[PWR+4LN^FP\KG>$X
M$[V[Q`:4?H-F2>RJA5\E1@4]&@Z[>AD]#*0]Z
                                                                                        
                                                                                         O^7)N@'WQ)GX\\2'A=?
M@*+1*7A>-IBZ5AB-.YQ]Y7\[[I'%E=I<6"!;98!6
                                                                                         
                                                                                          R@*:-6EPE*G68S?98?F9[`Y>G_GP2LB*:Y
M&.9-C*ZCM=$;#L\NCD\N&D=G7[X
                                                                                          
                                                                                           6BO=_^Z"RZ?_BGL('($Y,`,-MOCI
MP00=OVR9L_TA,^+R@6GZ$U][%P^X"L;O/_RIZ#KQ]E'>?A/>G":27=(0!=?(
MI"MV6U>LR"])>`;1ETG'(9%^\AR3*<'C4I8"V,$>`UD^G8>N-`6PS8NA7S-6
MV<6@N#C[5MQ"?$>V_&)03#JEN,LIX]YFS[?PR#!9LV&2TVM<\*S+3:^A3P,?
MRD>!+U;%RRH?73V-"J-[O]-U"7EV;BN;VIE3,9J`VZW9S`O5S#CU#.=J4W
MC9P`7\IUGI.V3:#/>U0>J<"@U@:MK5S6+'Y)ZJU4CRM1.:0-V_U7\0V.T/)_
M?"HO=665'U-_?G9Y>G5Z]NW7(#=7WHJ/+,Z%VNN+^X_LSY.+J].C@R^-@R^G
MO\.#2`UF)0?+D0=I#S!D^N94!O=D'=OP&JT7H][NY,5(+:6MDE?@:ZUZO_V&
M<"ZY)P4#O&-T
                                                                                           
                                                                                            [@;D^.G^+8@?%ESD<`BL`@L`FN;YAC!1FMLI\#::(Z%\=J4<,?CUD,)
M*4.L-1_WPMKU?I<2*G8'[S0>U]KU5FN0$R$H9<0U']CW]O,25B_E2M_";3/0
MWD5)Z2S`UIR3"[LUH]XS!MM`M?CAUIQ`V*JW.B7*M=@4QAMTZZGW>X'<>@*+
MP"*P"*PB@D6P%1(V`FLK8+V^8?RK^QUUM]_NZ$D#'*/NB2XR"^Q^C9L0U3!Y
MCH3K=R^_,.)Y^'FR.]:+719X7N(_ELN_L`
                                                                                            
                                                                                             JB/VOM4;1&UHL+U9M?+>
MV$]\HEOK/BB)S;`VL.Z&AE5-Z]C8\9U>?N%%FR>
MPX;8.\T:U9DED,HZMF73G1?OI!+85!EOA8I1T$I-QMQ]UOG%@O@O2_C#]FNO
M[Z?VYF;WG^%/@#[;WO6M@=$
                                                                                             
                                                                                              7(O7!/$^&Q\Z8&4G`6M:K.=?*^W//>U3^"Q+H0XGBMN
ML&OSK9C+E=YORM1Z$-M[WF(C<6D'JBIHX1E/'?4JS#WLQQPT=@T_\O@]$^.Q
MT"V)J0'A:QL0]@8O;D#8WDZ3NC*^EGKCI2704JU\8D*>F;"%YDXM8Z6W6XY,
MKP6R"M-#@5HJ/6LA4R.=G+!NFTU3BLVZYAM2T=:[Z9"N?+)%)/MNNZ'_S7[G
MTE;,L=FQ<.6M+JVL"J`RB['<=M``)":45"'ELYYC0I-=:TU6LW1T]4.=X;&`
M,\9@6+421@[U@1OJ^U]YL)C[_.WK?Z_;H.J+W?[Z5
                                                                                              
                                                                                               3$;BK3>1
                                                                                               
                                                                                                V4D2N%`7)+H2))[IR+$U]'L;X"`^*
M)@*&MNL(55*_&)N;3U+A8
                                                                                                
                                                                                                 K>C]K-9N#E+2
M!\JPH^6L,A)50
                                                                                                 
                                                                                                  "[:ID`A%8!!8EO^4QH:,67#+Y@)D=IS98SCK(3)D=.1Z2F%``)I11
M,Y4OLZ.7[$%39^^-;CO,ZZBU]HV2GH/E(XJ07EDIR@/8?FBAE,=B6_!7]_L%
MJ95%H"4.PXRP;FR1#\/RE;-1K03;$JOI7>H#>U'R1C"'0'W76IW!8CIBK64T
M/X0;5RLEZZ8,NU;.LC=JQB`O"1QE"H)O-0/`,/*M]`BUU'AX,
                                                                                                  
                                                                                                   @\#KD4AR9;-EM;ME5O=JAY0$GM(Z/;*8:!1.BE^B3M?/LD
M9-:2I41@$5BE,6M?&_Z]
                                                                                                   
                                                                                                    F3-KN-U_0V$DLH7S;4TUMW(GF2*\;T-M?RLQ7K*!R:PJLUE%8!4(
MK$*$=L_0SF5IU<>K%1WA+:D%FX^,NGZS3X9K=FAO(0VK7Y`*.H19PEIM]5IE
ML58S1S$#)?[8ADR-N@ID&1)8!-9&P5JM)9/-NO`__=F*AEW/:CVTU->)N[:T
MK]6Y<"^Q)=*QM'SLU+/6[DP_IL+]H7!XE6S49+S[9.QU!XD>3>G$+%*\HBO9
M=R7&OO5%CL57?B\G_F0-T\#2_4FBF^\^M1)MI5Y"S>(\YO6L3VWEN;X.VW]S
MO&.A0$JP7=*!^D.,KH$AB0?P]B1BBMDL&;=)>]`D[
                                                                                                    
                                                                                                     "
M3;:X=
                                                                                                     
                                                                                                      [2=V49$L\NJEG@D$DA2QVUU.L
MKJZNPZ.LN3!\R^<2,N',=121?^U,7H!TH6VLS#Z322TU3&.MU"C7QY[YS-JP
M78T9'?KF6VZ?O_Q),&%5Y[#YU^LKW>&VCV9Q]-SC$*-NEY,QSJ
                                                                                                      
                                                                                                       )NG[WS.TLUR-9K
M+L$6,9>N'\P&Q=
                                                                                                       
                                                                                                        8A._6"E+>10EK9V
                                                                                                        
                                                                                                         E8&UG=2+K&?BJ5<\@PJU4Y/&G&E4D245F&U3,X`
MMO+)C=M;W8AKSH0*B.D;KH'\J0K25"B@A)=+Z!_)\6O6)"F?+[2UHZD*%$NR
M@MG6
                                                                                                         
                                                                                                          G?#GV/,JY+ZY'*#;TIL[+B-(C%\0A`ROM
MOSMB%_J=%Y:SX3.=^&\>\4'ZY]^)
M9SQ1]@X-BZ4@S.G1'O'2R`[2J2;XH-;G$@LRG]7RZQM0N?B/,I"\)I8_75
M77A^0I!/\U7.?7\\##EU;_E_??$(F3R1O39?*8.220-;?K>O;[\58_T$L3
MP/J=TUE2`*Y/U\@'PZ;*T;4M\U7R#`HV'U:>[IY\)\Z;(VGC!ZAO"51FB2W6
MX'7.3'S/D"
                                                                                                          
                                                                                                           6Y_S`KR^:[=YQ?27YX\8^B72Q1,]L[TSQ1W1%_Y@)$*[_2(S2*CE<"=$%#\
M\6CD>O1OXGVG]Y5+80J&/Z')+UH<1'C!6423CIXI;4XTFDFYY+N#@$HH86T:
M[RZC43Z^*MW.5_^$7=GWV*$MU3^#@66R']RQI_R;/%)&!<0_*9?8X^G/AOGW
MV.)T;,LABM&G2BRP?#8EEEM"E$JTLZ!B>'DVH
                                                                                                           
                                                                                                           N]LEW`>*7RXF10U'QWF45%6#)+\*Q0*Y>UBK
                                                                                                           
                                                                                                            Z(
M]_OA3_Z@7,9<&R*Q
                                                                                                            
                                                                                                             1J]VZ>#X\\DD^EYA`^;U(OD$)IS[L-E%N+*S
M6:^EEI-"YTVA[J`[D?P[SZ4F`]L3?/'
                                                                                                             
                                                                                                              :MS2:'3-,/X/AW85BRMF9.38
                                                                                                              
                                                                                                               MV9)VZ1T?L9!>=@NA*,DHP73(D#E:8OGQAU?>/84*F?-+4]%`,:$(L=V$3QU9MB
M=ST`A%LAK&FYQ*8E6@HXXV60%X"+3@?,N=.[
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                TF@@ZU!>]%J25E@0<\\5A38LGNT90W>,SM/9K#/-FHYUIIB:JM;$.B,O
M>KHL5H*`6Q@>1X_E(X/EHZ+51>G56B0?6*[;$TFR^0!>S+,KD4M:9G\7ZA6@
M7@'``EB[@H7B$CBSI2MA[:31%L6'7B3;-(^.GK43O8VS6(G@JNGRG[NB%(B0
MU25V,"-0"@1@`2QAP-J01S&7*!%>.:L5LV"6OS>%KYE_!M_6]8;M0"9WU']>
M9/=.RW`4(/H6">?/7G[@A.?1[_.9G+M8PA;[L!1DJTQB;!7R$J:,4XI;XH]X
MKJ^W>G"L1.?&RHAE^CHL8]
                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                 Y0HY`\*RO*>%4;*M<;)2,6?C:-Y6C>D/QR,&S].>M$U=
M:+%Y[O$,^?EFI)."2.G.MMJLO;E=Z.YSV+>EZA?78PGEW<$#:T/+>VS&-"7-
MB&,QM4_2GM$B_Q@.IOOD,"3H/T9RZ$]J9OGW)*HVP%Z\J#Y/B`>KK^6&5192
M[CS
                                                                                                                 
                                                                                                                  UPVLN
M\6Z]@R^68SB\CW7$IVFAF:)42OC"2R#P9=`CO'#%DT
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                   4O\)Z)B:S?8A'[1UJ3,W]Z^;R)*B)<3:KB5%OOKLF1B.?XA1X+!Z[T\\H
M/!(78"!BT^>H]N4FWNVHQQ-N3OUB/K.J?DD/-/'>U)/BD!N;F6?8D5J`G/C<
M9>?O,4NOAN1`
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                    `0\'=#PG=PD!Q(SOLA&0[=/M95",\.
MD,S"$D46G+E#%4%$)X?2@'HAP^(+4>Y*G*NS\O?$^]HWO9R".'[D6#127H?D
M&8`":`"8?,!!@'4AH'Y_RT',:`N"3!!#`!3``39&("C('#*]%]NRTF<','
MJ+S3\D1[A4`2)$$2)$$2)`M`,L5*A+5=BZD_NUY0#5B+;=8L-0KHE\1(D;+N
M2RP;-G[21*D24\P*N.*+A]82I8\+)"!O!;%'ES1(0J$D06M!%"`*_!,,!$A"
M^$DOA+&8J:]WUZT33_Y7S+#.091QO3JM(FR
                                                                                                                    
                                                                                                                     8>HQ#%#L>N"ZXS8`VL@36P!M;`
MNBA8%\$V$["@";+R\CK.TXL0S"V^]A(,=BQ9`!V@`W2`#M`!>C%`+X8IA[R\
MS%^`;7Q#C@/``E@`"V`!+(!5'+"0EX=H$[9M0*K6X:`-SP"P!M;`&E@#:V`M
M/M;%L,YV;@F<69Q^*IO1QBG[$[\9K:6U2YP\-.7';-B,UJ3T'``L@`6P`!;`
M`E@`JWA@9>KM;NWC[2YT_+,8VRI=*T(@/S;1J$8'M.$>.URL48WN@,!&-;H#
MPKH0!AK\WMB6PH<`L``6P`)8``M@`:R<_=X+PWHFC'.?CAI'ZP8^NV(YV^Y`
MK][9I-^V[=`6MQTWEO%HV59@$7_WC5"J.X`9J_2TWG_Q28()8`*8`";(Q`18
M!&E:!.D&%NS:A.+6=:I]-*(`29`$29`$29`$R3=9A'L:+,E4A+67O"'BVRE2
MGKI73K4]QI'DJ?LQ0BM2`UG3`7+A018EXA48I_@B`^3B@RQ*U",P3O%%KC7D
M15D*_R>:\((D2((D2((D2(+D6O,E26,%OD^IC'"]O<=`L-62`F4D!P-K8`VL
M@36P!M;B8RVW589F5IG+^S:^+8AFVEP$6``+8`$L@`6P`%:J8$E4WA,.W6RV
M#CKBHPX`942S'@#(>)&+CS&T]0&`C&C6XF.L-VORHHR2G2M;3534$LPO`+``
M%L`"6``+8`&LXH&U8(/^HUI5.DY?Z1F/-E$NW/ZK4JW.;F._SBZ>>K`C=W6O
M>_=1T?31R]2!?='M];I?/RHJ^XT;T@_7_^G0BT8ODSDNXC_GD.8/FSSAHGM_
MU;FO4A[
                                                                                                                     
                                                                                                                      S>G2]/O'XE$UBL[`&TW*>IM]'1K\_^1XQ1U/5
MGZ?\,XD3$.]HD047Y,ER(B;\1HQ^Q(18.STB6F_]?/1&=">W--;>D
                                                                                                                      

                                                                                                                      "P>
MF^ACLZI&6[EVE*%EVY;K^,?\P:DY3!(IN[CJSMB@']5X];B6R$X<_.)ZA%+;
MQ+N1"./LO)C/AO-$DAZHEO1`+^E-GF$&&\LC)WN:FH*T%TK&.W^/K>`5D@/)
M>2\DU\SB(WX@O'J\-P*H1@CX^R'Q2-]*7+PA.0<@.>YPZ/:QKD)X=H"$!QP*
M+SA7LU(\@HC.!@_
                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                       J+HJK9'WN5;7LC"]MO(?!V28\1@`I@`)APR$V`<2&D
                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                        :3UGCWV)+()I;!6I0*6ZU6!Y!%`'(.4AV(%@O1
M%@`M%J!M`%HL0+564PY(,_5%)M-TQYB=<1;%L-_CZ&!O08;!)S%X*K`#=L`.
MV`$[8'<`V,EBK*"[3.9BO(UO"[*7-AYQB
M@.ZN&457R"8"29`$29`$29`$R77&BIA!B,@O2N5`7PYS&GL@Q,\`,D`&R``9
M("L.9)*8'P*FVR,G)T6Q;#0E$4QA=0D"S($=L`-VP`[8`3M8*V\VHY&5@PAG
M@`6P`!;``E@`"V`A*T<>IV4.+O1&4Y)25\+NW7!4!<@`&2`#9(`,D!77`-FY
M"6!F4;JI;)L:I^Q/_+:IEM9^9O+0E!^S8=M4DW*/"[``%L`"6``+8`&LXH&5
MJ5^VM8]?MH@QI3GLCIKHS"0?:*B:)"-HJ)HD'6:HFB0=9*B:)!UD+4F[(>6*
M)CRT0FZ@L-L%6``+8`$L@`6P`%;:'MJ%83T3QKE/1XVC=0.?7;&
                                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                         +1L*[!(Z+)^G(Y&E!W`C%5Z7KN7_$F""6`"F``FR,0$
M6`1I6@3I'H'O6BS]UG6J?11,!TF0!$F0!$F0!,DW681[&BS)U(.TE[PAXMLI
MPAZ>5YJYY*0="_S&B(N5EDM`$;#:!:M:+E7+@-4N6-4U8"4+5KG$FP.JG9:K
M1BZ!>6\&2PI7'?H:@B1(@B1(@B1(@N1:\R5)8P5N.M%LZ5.A+6EL>V:/1(TO
M0`;(`!D@`V2R0R:XV8&.*YD+[3:^+8A
                                                                                                                         
                                                                                                                          `&"OANA`*;%"=*`\6"$Z4!ZL$!TH#51:4VRP4*UO95.$8CJ"[6`!
M%L`"6``+8`$L@)4=6)N-Q7\&QJ--YK[WK>_LVR__'/O5)\,8?7PPGTE_;)/N
MX&J:S''M^($W'A(G\*^=A\`("/O<'7RQ',,Q+<.^
                                                                                                                          
                                                                                                                           %%,"B@E<4\&GXZ(:W^[
MZ[0;>KM*_],T3:W^2U6UQK>'WM6W6K/Q35?I;\V:^HW*VMBQPKLLWZWK6NO;
M'P]71TJ?F-;0L/U/1]7FT>=JJQ6ZNF>S?NO`%J=SZ0Y''GDFCL\O-]TAN76#
MV>1WGL9GADT$S9*#.O)&][IW'Q6M/7J9^J
                                                                                                                           
                                                                                                                            ]^M'11V]3"78I(,GWISX
MO2L^A5X_9A]NN[V.HITJT4M'QUD_4[J]WSKWY=)E]^O=?>>WSNW#]9\=Y?J6
M?N]PP1I/A7&=DSM^2OJ6*?UW[`?6X'7'.?6>B6*8%%TK>%4L1W%95'"Y9,X#
M27]G2"J&TU<\8O/\IN@G)IID,"!FX"L_B$>O\
                                                                                                                            
                                                                                                                             *`F3#M`8^521/+I>
MGWA<*9O$9E$GIN4\3;^/C'Y_\CU2WYJJ_KQ>G/Y1K2H7Y(DRLL='\!LQ^DJU
MNG9S&A%MG?X
                                                                                                                             
                                                                                                                              )B3!!`F8L/#6,KW;H
                                                                                                                              
                                                                                                                               RPA-/X!P@85A25-4
M,BL=_G_$\)BD41/H][%#9L):4T\D4.G[G`4L<8)9Y^G..'^2Z;%.!>MV9)UZ
MFB/KH"O?@=4M"90_'(]0DO^C^I*Y%'S%=9291P$%\@4F"29(P(0B*B0QB_O,
M:;(GKLDJMNO[Q#\^41RJZ-P!
                                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                                L3$=1:=;T/0:21%KC9"C+X2QB6G_"1B'%"O1L
M_U7/)?P9.:OI0=HN4K/8C%>K>V+:AN];`\LTV$&D8O3901$[O%,&KA
                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                 62
MY9CVN,_/<_@J%A[KS*]H2NR"-J=2Z6)6T5JUXY-RB:]GE9IZ>ES,%2T)_9W@
MTM809%U;BXO,"]P>6X8$4@[T&)M0H'A;H!8;T-ZJ"XT:2C!D+K_;^!876(5T
M5H`E+5B9NG+T75NJ4>MVO.S.<9V%
                                                                                                                                 
                                                                                                                                  A0D$L`!60O;JPK!D/3]-;HUZ2T!'Y28\!F61'=<.M9RY
MDQF1'0*3!!,D8$(1-5/Q(CM:>G.FZ4Z4G_1F+8KKJ&AUO:#G8&)X$>+8H)U,
MX@#R=RT4\E@LA_UJO=W.!4
                                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                                   I8^5=
MP1OA'$+U7=$:IXOAB!5-5X^CA4N+B;HIPJHE6/1&13\5)8"C2$[P7",`=%UL
MI0?48OWA
                                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                                    ]I&>3_'?`OE?\MV3"%Z_'F8M+"6`!;`*8];NZO[M>8;CV\N>7Y\[97E9
MQI-R:6M>GCKG4^1^7;5V/#F/K-4*>AXIF#5<:^]1&`FVL-C6E)I+3C(\O/NA
M5L_%QPL;&&95D
                                                                                                                                    
                                                                                                                                     BV9"
M<;Y*,5,LD6<*)FQ=5=%,"/444M+A:"8TX02:">W#.C03VI5U:":4L*X4,[1J
M>\8`*C]F
                                                                                                                                     
                                                                                                                                      IU"EB=86W18"2;
M9;N&:"=M'0&V:0*?8ZAFJRF)A@)Z,<]N2%I:6,Q=RX:$D'*)'YUAO
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                       AM0=DF):LV(X
MWN.+);>%\<87TK05I*,RJ\Z$$CZ%@/*T*4F7<^2(())==#L38`&L3,':K"7G
M\S78'_Y;W_K.?OGEGV._^F08HX^7\Y;S-;>;;]V`],A+<&&[YE^?RR5%^65R
M]8/Y3/ICFW0'/+/ZUG7<$?&,P'*>PGL[+R-*BO!8UBD-:IX[`?UR3P:?CHAK
M?[OKM!MZNTK_TS1-K?Y+5;7&MX?>U;=:L_&-Q>ZIS9KZ33WZS,8<#7EI;Y%G
MTDFXZ9AL,Y0*"2=]C"23G9-,6J?O3C*IYY/M4<3'(LDD/C8T)U,R?Y)@@@1,
M0)()DDRRU^%(,K&19((DDQQ9AR23A'6EF.%:5]9WJT^
                                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                                       $82\"SCW8]EZ8%.+!*^L!J]JE5ER1A2,#
                                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                                        -=R:1Z^:RU-,7
                                                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                                         QT!1*9>7B#\-&):'E1LTEE4CFC4H7-5>R6BMJ
MHE3XPEJ1T%HAR>DOP(M=+,0NDX-**YF+[S:^+
                                                                                                                                         
                                                                                                                                          /@U2Z59],@M?I6&'0P*E-0`6`#K3>Q:
MKR7?5O]DMXHFBU51;DD07GOC^O[.Q4Z4L6.%=UF^6]>UUK<_'JZ.E#XQK:%A
M^Y^.JLVCSWI-:X0;'G4VAX7G+PUMW7S2'28U:U<&N6XDBP.^(4^&_=4(`N+Y
MYT[_DHZ2WD`
                                                                                                                                          
                                                                                                                                           7UYT'+K3C>`M\6RV9M65Q]MHG_.I^)Y[#CKD55CN(!!8O*']C_"B7
M(MPV;1MV'G0RM7P>+,
                                                                                                                                           
                                                                                                                                            (3P!\XOE&+;R^[C_Q.=>F8%V><;_K5R:_*,_^[>KLV,E>#98O+/_
M_^Q]Z7/C1I+O=T;P?ZCMUXZ0(T"9X"6J/7:$KO9HMKNE)\GCM_NEHP@424R#
M``>'),Y?_S*K<)+41?$`P+1WUB()U)&_O"HK*\NU[X7);/[@AU;@LX'GAJ!T
MV6`&3PCVY^'M8;UV+J;
                                                                                                                                            
                                                                                                                                             7^=@,/,^X@>CXAPR+&.6GX#-K,G5]@:K5L]S0K]=`K*!1
M;LDR1PYS0X_]93FF^P`?8]EE_LP/Q(0-0M]R!*9$9!K/T`#/%EF>P).K["N?
M,93"P\+QPZ4359!UG9$+LXM3SZV1O"
M`PEP/4?,?`9*2_X@>
                                                                                                                                             
                                                                                                                                              NZ$A=)D&-"H[-](A4IC4\Q=
M-&9:U),1>E8P8Y;O0V.K$/,)O98O+_6*ZE)OJ5WU/G5S`OH_\`!CC?WI#+GE
M9;6.INZNN`($C#'W1H*=V1Q,\(GB^@+KH1/0`SA>!^06N0\OLH]G*L$.U60S
MW,`,.3
                                                                                                                                              
                                                                                                                                               -+XNB@;:X/H/WYS4%
MO@/L'<#8(F'SW6'PP&'<4\\U0R,`%?*78.X`'\%YF)8_`28'=T)VS2=\).1H
MK(G\9MD(0@>F%T^R7@/Z1(-E>C=2GH?`.W*VGAB&J/A`U^/``,9DJO`\*%`@
MI6E*JL>2K888R3)'IY'Q$=@&I0@"5+E!8(/"M>UHH*")4?$G)H9-P,'%)TU4
MS#BNXZCI93H=_(!(J1=/::*Z5].-[(B#TP83JF83$
                                                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                                                BY2F'0'")@+E`[`'5E7\P>[=$,@/WTGR"I0:H#LT-4'B
M#D`'@Z*>#$(/$09=FS")9!V.BS4A.5R`*H5OIC8/4"4W'!$&DG=0Z$)P9&`F
MGBGY5*K?B&F5N0LP,HZ+DE!@(_E!/<`@)CQ2U*HO'^V\))!DI`<+^&3"?T#3
M]]RR956FB!LY&G'?&+LNL#]G($WH;8($8#_!&"SV7&\X0,<-5&\F
                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                 ]Z-&,>&/UB2<+!N'A#E^R_(5
M6SW&X_K8.CQB`U5E3C8%PFP$H61"7]5OA%'Z>1:6TX!&;?!HD*J.(FTR"#YQ
M0P=LT`+ADLG.,:SDF`A$;`J:2&>*/X)K!-HC,VG@"G0\;FQ/+084L#X_$1^57
                                                                                                                                                 
                                                                                                                                                  8]!#&`H[`0_7SI26[\:
                                                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                                                   *XY6"@KL!BR4K.$PLGB^6L[!D"SQ$*_J8C^K7KL-IY@=KJ:@6E#.
M$*[7HF5:QED`V9X!Z=?GX[_/#9?!,98XX^R+%2^1E`M^)B6]P`XWL/`WT)12
M6E8QSFU_/JI_PJ7KK8R`'@'$CDD?EQT9YX;
                                                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                                                    OJ'P/*4J(Y=529046I"UF0UD_1F$%/C5D\[T:Y8'TNO,
M+`(R"GE^2L>_@J)]`&?+'UM3'.%?H,^OA3>,O/SH1L#80[?N4
   
    D)I&_`@1=)>1`HL0_'`%EY*4N
M8`$FKIP5FKY(<(&PH;2TOO68,2U!5)Y9@I+JJE2IH-+"I\`A7]*7'TXF0&_V
MKSBR`P`,^;TK>_IJ&9Z+CA^J+QP*6E\08^@*YZX&H839B%43EZH)9=G/ZB=T
M`90V2F,XJ(/0@?&C(+3R5]4HD;N0:>"_5T;@#K#@]*HQE(VHA&M@+4=Q(]:3
ML=%XHY=U[>$*,)B50RD`([9E*#"2;T=ZB\AY\^(=&1_X^@PZ!Z`<,$B^$#^D
M=&(`W,:8F^O!S!-FBI8#D1G!X`\*C4C6PR>V@0Y*XTN(3CYX,TA3$.(#;H.K
M#P8%6K`2EVX`+@K^?XQ%20::"'#[)*=DX5&-2E<#T>IKD*M^:H/"B^@
M_S9$3>0J\05_J!$U)==3,^F\Y\?VLQ0M::^QU3YP,
                                                                                                                                                    
                                                                                                                                                     $:SE(L<1
M1AP%(W*:K)_59`@]+N\-3_#(UXB7#]E@!I#^8U=OQ4XP?K;4D,%7[723[Y$"
M<>T_N490ZB6:F!JG',PY++ACZ]:7'"WW*&3$46JNS'HG#5U$<6G)PKBPD#K?
M3HU[XDO&NCVC$8%,>9#1A^:JK;SSW6TV4R*FZA/):?FXU)8SN!730$XAJ[J;
MQUE_4\;)(OW*AT/+FT3>7+H(D11A@S"`=;>AK!_\'G.FM&PX`L?,^(&Q(&3M
M`\H,A\$V(@Y5AB:"+U7EZ#,:*MR5^1W,)KB!;NC;LX259*`N<%TVMD;CPWKM
M+N9\?"\94B[8Q1[`AHR%+<-8_PAQY538,'IDI"*%^J=CV:Y1K_UY>\(6_2OU
M:\Z_0G7BAP/?`F_9FZE(S2U0E4]!US4&*$HJ,,.=F98X8TID$[&6'(UAT:>5
M=[UV,W9!R"Y]]+`T1>=D!1!Y.U+?WBL)"(0Q=ES;'
                                                                                                                                                     
                                                                                                                                                      J`!I$H
                                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                                       2%92L".">KA_'"+)"`VV@U"3.2MXT1!([
M;QP^MOO)FA_6W;%`)MZJ%BE`94Z'5A1F&
                                                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                                                        DYCF#'T:C)*
M+V.P)!I1/,9D+%JT6E2L@#\+68'52$D=,4#R;LZLU6O1H'TF++6TPX929LA8
MGW%L;AC0$*4\FB3HA8@[8CVOQ6'L?W`G1$9`#9!3B0F.L;>)+#(__SD#G%+7
M<9U&3GX.@C'N!7H"<4DUFX0S1DW&X--W?I;Z-JN0I=/^9/=9.J?D03(@D6.\
MI:[.:?GGVI3^O-(;#JR_8[\"!A)9[)1'YM4/OIXLHY"I\4(<[D4$6FI]LB]G
MY,17$2BEPG$^P#X61E!.E@]*+A+4>E\HDY-!N55(/1\'@II'(+`=JU[[`OH3
MM<
                                                                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                                                         C
MX1=
                                                                                                                                                         
                                                                                                                                                          SMHU1*)ID0>AR<`,YWDR`V+OO!)JA&_A4Z:HT"
M%F]L#2P5LT@VT6)]`'I">;5RYN!R"J!"2A$)<@)FSM^-::F^L=&81F*I0F7R
MI^PXXC@]T$RU<8BAGL1/?L[)S&A4S`F)**^^7**6,C8SSUH)D94*C\>F,?%H
M@.F*3/G2GB>NJ4*GT@X-,2R#4>@XNBUY(S-;4#N1YL@$4W493&W.+1O<3+I)
M+BB96AJUKLF9F=R$DWDA
   



